I like the new set-up, @buzznet!  
I like the Ozzy Osborne W.O.W. ad. 
I like the SCIFI channel!!! 
i like the sky right now. Weird huh? No wind either.  outside on the tramp even tho my neck hurts like shit can't look left very well
i like the song surrender from billy talent heehee surrender every touch every smile every frown.... surrender yourself to me 
I like the sound of my new job title. Inventory manager. 
I like the sun :] It's making me feel much happier. It's vitamin D people ;] Oh yes, I know my physics 
I like the swanky set. I like how they're used the same theme song!  Is it not the Max Weinberg Seven anymore?
I like the tennis outfit that Cirstea's wearing now. Totally reminds me of Italy's soccer jersey  World Cup 2010 come quick!
I like the tiny things that can make the rest of the day way better 
i like the travel agent or the tv newscaster 
I like the TweetDeck it allows me to see Facebook and Twitter!  I am already becoming addicted 
I like the way all my agents are making an effort on quality! 
I like the way you move 
I like their Harry Potter and pop culture stuff, but I'm not very picky!.
I like these midnight walks around the neighbourhood 
I Like this day! It's sunny. 
I like this guy : ' Barack Obama shows his funny side " &gt;&gt; http://tr.im/l0gY !!
i like this http://www.inbflat.net/ 
i like this new trend ,  who's next ? http://tinyurl.com/qcy8d4
i like this whole text twitter from your phone thing   best dayy with the long lost loves
I like this!    http://bit.ly/oFot4
I like to buy the fifty cent plants at wal mart and bring them back to life  listening to Donovan.
i like to move it, move it 
I like to speak spanish but I don't know a lot even though I've been taking the class for a few years  ?Hablas Espanol o Ingles?
I like to think of my phone as 'communicator' 
i like to think of myself as a social media auteur @philkirby 
I like to think that, when I'm gone, the world will be a greener place...  Anyone else need greening?
I like to tune guitars one whole step lower. 
i like tomatoes 
i like twitter  but its boring cause no one writes with me .__.
I like Ubertwitter, better then Twitterberry! 
i like vintage corded telephones 
i like watching the x-men movies with halle barry and hugh jackson, just like mission impossible with tom cruise.
I like when famous people follow all their followers back.  why can't more do it?
I like when people call me Dr. Dave or Dr. Eisert. Mostly because I didn't have to work for the title. Don't like it enough to go earn it 
i like will ferrell cos he emphasises a lot, and sometimes at weird intervals. and yeah, that appeals to me. will ferrell is sexy! 
I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours. (via @gaksdesigns) * exactly 
I like Yellowcard. 
I like your funny face, your sunny funny face. 
I like your new name Maggie. You are such a Pooh 
I liked the first " Mission Impossible.
I liked the movie Brokeback Mountain.
I liked the TIME piece on Twitter. It would be interesting to see what the magazine will say a year from now 
I likee how everyonee in my year book wrote about trannys, fierce or being homo ahaha 
i likee you  a lott lott .  think you really hot hot (8) good night 
I likened a kid at school to you today. Then I realised you were so much better. 
I LISTEN TO BETTER MUSIC THAN @kylmock ... Learly a sign to follow me! Ill introduce you to new music 
i listen to music 
I listened to Taylor Swift's &quot;Crazier&quot; around 2am this morning for the first time. She will ALWAYS find new ways to amaze me 
I live family parties with the taco man..the tacos were so good.. 
i live in san diego, but that was in vegas 
I live in Washington DC with my love n my brother n he's dating my best friend I could not ask for anything more!!! 
i live to make you shine 
i live two lives 
i loe watching #iCarly 
I logged onto ING Direct and there's a Happy Birthday message from them to me.  Awww. I *heart* that bank.
I lol'd =D - http://twurl.nl/xb243c ... And good morning! 
i look damn good!  so confident!
I look like a lion this morning. Today, will be a good day 
I look like a polar bear!  tehe pain meds got to my head =P
I look like a pretty goth princess!  Loving it!
i look like a zoozoo on my profile pic 
i look like chinese 
I look like I got into a fight with a pixie/farie  I'm glitterfied! haha &lt;3
i look prettier than the weather today 
I look pretty good from the knees down! 
I look so good in my movie. Hive Mind loves @FilmLadd, he is running camera today and directing. It makes me hot. Hive Mind loves you 
I look ugly on my new I.D. Hum what a surprise. 
I looking kinda BAD ass right now  and  @briahnaj @MsPittsEsq  looking BAD too...GALA is so rocking 
I LOOOOOOOOOVE THIS SONG!!!!  â™« http://blip.fm/~7dt22
I Loooooooove Holiday Mondays! Sleeping in! Just woke up to take some meds and now back in bed.  Happy Victoria Day!
I looooooove my city  cruisin' ..
I looooooove summer 
i looooooove tim tams  hehe
i loooooove bar trivia with my faves 
I loooooove going-out-of-my-mind! 
I looooove myself some sportscenter 
i loooove disneyland! 
I loooove my friends!!! 
I loooove the Brady Bunch in all of its corny goodness! 
I loooove the new jordin sparks song  &amp; i cant wait to hear who is in the finale!
i looooveee youu 
I LOOOOVEEEE DOVER!!! I hate, however getting up super early &amp; the car rides to and fro. Getting ready for my eardrums to explode!! 
I looove my chocolate milk 
I looove summer  why can't it always be hot?
i looove talking to Bebs.. we talk about anything and everything under the sund  i'm glad i have a friend like her..
I looove the iphone version of Tweetie too 
I looovee the sun, hello UV 1000000 
I loove peanut butter and jelly sandwich, and this show.  I'm addicted.
I lost 2 LBS. It's really motivational to actually see some progress, no matter how small it may be. 
I lost 3 pounds in one week @Ashnei, should be at my goal weight in no time!!!    Mondays are my weigh in day btw Mee.
i'm gonna start changing my life people.  no sweets. meat and JUNK.  bagong buhay to the max. :&gt; anti social here i come. :&gt;
Im gonna start my assignment due on Thursday 
I'm gonna stay up all night so i cann sleep all day on the river tomoro 
i'm gonna sweet talk my dad to go to newry l8r to get a grounded iced latte 
I'm gonna take a shower. 
im gonna take the color thing that you put on i want to see if i get nicks favorite color!!!!!!!!!! 
im gonna take voice lessons next yeaaaaaaar  I've never been this happy
I'm gonna tidy up my room (at 8am, during summer break, totally normal). And listen to Hannah Montana songs (ahem) 
I'm gonna try and sleep now  it's 3:07, and i'm kinda tired this time. My wonderful bed is waiting for me. Sick, strep throat :/. Night&lt;3
I'm gonna try really hard to be productive for the next hour 
im gonna try to be nice for the rest of the hills finale. haha doubtful but i'll try 
I'm gonna try to sleep now. definatley missing out on the next 15 hours of the world.. night! &amp; follow me 
I'm gonna use all of ur advice  mwahhh I love u guys!
I'm gonna wash my face off now. I'm thinking I'll sleep early tonight. 
Im gonna watch the rocker tonight, WOOOH i love rainn wilson 
I'm gonna wear my new purple converse today 
im good  thanks? just watching Hannah Montana, its awesome  what about you?
I'm good now at ericas in bed  @ Cypress, Tx http://loopt.us/d-TRlw.t
I'm good thanks busy working through my list of thigns to do  @pennyessex @leonspencer @costumejewels
I'm good!  how r you?
I'm good. Glad to know that you can do plumbing work... 
i'm graduating 
I lost my bonkers if u find her please let me know becasuse the force is strong in that one. LMAO. Hi Bianca 
i loudly said something &amp; my coworker replied &quot;i dont know brian klemm! But even I love brian klemm!&quot;  ( @Klemm_0_Tronic )
i LOVCE 'before the lobotomy' Green day  listenined to at leat 5 times in the last half an hour 
I love &quot;Time Warp&quot; on Discovery...what a cool show!! If you haven't checked it out, I suggest you watch now. 
I was just about to leave hannah be back later tonight 
I was just about to my dear. 
I was just at church;both services were awesome...you could feel the presence of the Lord! Now I'm going to have dinner with my parents. 
I was just attacked by the cookie monster!!!!! 
I was just hit with a flash of, &quot;Way-Back-When&quot; .... awesome memories. Good Times. 
I was just introduced to blues metal  - http://bit.ly/3HAHn
I was just talking to scott mills on the radio  x
I was just toasted to by a very drunk man because i brought him another beer.  YAY BEER!
I was just trying on my mom's jewelry. We were talking about what's &quot;in style&quot; these days and what isn't. 
I was like, WHY THE HELL CAN I HEAR ANDRE, then I was like, OH MY MUSIC STOPPED PLAYING. All is better now 
i was living my dream today 
I'm guessing that by next Tuesday a new iPhone, as well as the new OS, will be announced!  If not Tuesday, then sometime next week!  
I'm guilty for actually having fun while having a party.  
Im guna have an amazing view the whole day 
Im gunna go jump on the trampoline for a bit!! 
im gunna watch the inbetweeners.. cz i love the one with the tramps shoes 
im gunner go down and watch frankie boyle. what a legend. ;) later!  xoxo
I'm hanging out at the Caugran's.  I think everyone is napping except me. 
I'm hanging w/ @djbonniedanger and @dominique622...Its all love 
I'm Happy  .. You never do that anymore.
I'm happy  finally got my twitter page the way i've been wanting it ?
IM HAPPY ;] everything's fine. except.. hahaha. but i dont give a damn.  i'll do my own thing. 
im happy because im going out 2 c my lil cuzons    is it right 2 feel like tht ?
im happy because you replyed i miss you...Lea .... and its a sunny day.. 
I'm happy for u. Nice to see you're getting back out there 
I'm happy I have a lot of good friends to keep me hanging on. Idk where I would be without them. You know who you guys are. 
I love (Grey) Glue (Shirts!!!)! @adaptiveblue Please send me my free www.getglue.com (Grey) T-Shirt. 
I love ????? candy! It's so delicious! 
i love @alex947. thanks for playing it as your last song. 
I love @CapnEddy for his amazing odes...bubble wrap-such a classic and most recent-parmesan cheese 
i love @CourtCosmetics  
I love @danecook!!! Hilarious ... loved that they aired it twice 
I love @dougiemcfly 
i love @feeno14 for getting Skins and Doug on DVD for his birthday 
i love @forever21 everyone follow! follow friday! 
I love @greggarbo  Best bass player in the world!
I love @HalfassBackward Thank you!! 
I LOVE @kawiller, @monsterlauren, and @tessastrain! Thanks for making my night even better 
I love @officialjman  
I love @pandora_radio It can really make an room better 
I love @Selenagomez @EmilyOsment and @MileyCyrus they have an amazing talent each other . I'm really truly proud of them 
I love @shaunspeaks blog- Ms. Shaun Speaks- RIGHT UP MY ALLEY  www.shaunspeaks.blogspot.com/
I love @SongzYuuup and @DwightHoward  the best men in the world right now! 
i love @sonnyjoeflangan s tweets they are random and funny. 
i love @spuncher so much. 
I LOVE @TashaMoist to death! Now that we've reconnected our friendship, I know now that we'll always be the BEST of friends! 
I love @WillSchultek and think @vosler09 is the greatest for getting my butt out n about tonight with the wonderful Amelia! 
i love 3 day weekends and going back home 
I love 30 Rock 
I love 80's songs now  lml
i love a good nap with anaya  back to unpacking...?? urg
I love a good romantic western film. 
I love ABC for showing Harry Potter on Saturdays. 
I love absolutely everything about Think Happy Thoughts, written by the lovely @thnkhappythghts, who is also pretty fuckin awesome! 
i love adam hills 
i love alex  hope izzy lives.. and i don't care if george dies, really! sorry.. hehe!
I love all Harry Potter fandom.
I love all my TRUE friends 
I LOVE all of @alyankovic polka songs, they are fucking genius! 
I love all the Mission Impossible movies, and this one is no exception.
I was on campus for a grand total of 20 minutes today.  I love short days. 
I was on LaLa.com listening to Lion King songs haha I even recorded some on my MP3! Im a dork I know but they're catchy tunes! 
I was out diving yesterday. Saw among all the normal things a green turtle and two bottle nose dolphins. 
I was out testing my new Skikes www.skike.com , much better than rollerblades, especially on dirt roads. My new sport 
I was playing sims2 when all of a sudden one of my sims got hit(and killed) by a falling satalite. 
i'm happy i'm following danny from the gradual report 
I'm happy right now 
I'm happy that classes are already starting. 
I'm happy that my pearly whites are sparkling 
I'm happy that New Moon is the #1 trending topic tonight 
I'm happy that people think I've changed, better than to have not changed at all 
I'm happy to be moving back to `Iao Parkside. I'm just sad to break the news to my current landlords. Wish I could just tweet 'em 
I'm happy with my section  If only Harvi was there, i'd be happier. Freaky baya kaayo si Mdm. OLIKORNYO. hikhikhikhik )
I'm happy with myself today, for no reason... feels nice 
I'm happy. And excited. 
i'm happy. know why? it feels like saturday night, but even better 'cause it's not sunday tomorrow, which means no work. 
I'm happy... Not for any real reason.. Just happy. And I like it 
im happy/jealous of my friend noriah! 
I'm Having a Baby Girl! (In the next 17 Days!) I think I'm gonna keep this handy  http://budurl.com/f9p5 Funny Stuff!
I'm having a break... with a KitKat 
Im having a britney momment ,hahah 
im having a cookie right now and its REALLY REALLY yummy! 
I'm having a crazy day. The next two weeks are going to be BUSY!! But I'm not complaining 
I'm having a day off .. Great 
I'm having a great day with Davy and my baby 
I'm having a great Sabbath. Are you? 
Im having a hallway rave 
i'm having a hard time with my best friend. but a guy i like thinks i'm cute.  so it's all good. i'll live.
i'm having a lazy start to my day... tea in bed  now I'm gonna get up, buy some milk, have a latte, and start Ebaying some shizzz (again)
im having a lovely day with my Son on his birthday 
Im having a party in my room by myself. Anyone wanna join?! 
im having a relaxing day 
im having alot of fun at work with katie and alex...it's a proven fact: afternoon shift is the shit 
I'm having another amazing week.. My life is wonderful  &lt;3
I'm having chocolate smoothie for breakfast. 
im having fajitta's for breakfast cuz no one is home and i dont know what else to cook 
Im having fun! Talking to people can be fun! 
im having my lunch bought for me tomorrow 
I'm having so much fun.. It's dumb 
I'm having such a good day! I'm getting a new pool, can't wait! 
I'm having the time of my life!!!! I actually gambled and won!!!!!!! A round of drinks for everyone!  Wooooooo!
I'm having trouble staying on. Whenever I click on something, it takes so long that it says &quot;timed out&quot;. Oh well try again later 
I'm headed back to work now and I already miss my amazingly gorgeous girlfriend. She's all mine now. I keep her. 
I'm headed out to help friend move to smaller storage unit, then watch the A380 land at #YYZ and take pics for @clipperkid747 
I'm headin 2 lalaland shoutout 2 @dtpriceless I don't think I'm hangin late 2day lol  do tha booty do 4me lol ;)
I'm heading home from VA and I'll soon be passing through your town, @JRO823 
I'm heading to bed early for a Friday night... I've got a whole day at the Maker Faire ahead of me tomorrow. 
i'm heading to bed. imma try to sleep. 
i'm heading to bed. imma try to sleep.  pumped! haha. &lt;3
I'm heading to class just finished eaton baby back ribs so I got that ethnic fatigue, I'm going to nap 
I'm heading to Santa Clara for Johnny's last day at work happy hour! Can I hitch a ride? Caltrain takes forever. 
I'm heading to soccer 2.0. Very UP for this game. Really looking forward to this week too 
I was raised in Cleveland TN. Biscuits n gravy, grits and bacon was regular breakfast.... Now I just do the grits 
I was reading #goodsex. Hehehe! Cool views! 
i was riding shot gun with my hair undone in the front seat of his car... i LOVE our song... so catchy going to be in my head for HOURS! 
I was right, street market + rain = not a good idea! Am at home now with the fire on and a bacon sandwich yummmmm 
i was sad a while ago 'coz i wasn't all that happy with my game yesterday... but now that i've eaten i'm happy again 
i was screaming like a maniac!  But the thing was u couldn't scream on the ride which sucked the fun out of everything so...
I was sharing a painful part of my past in order to encourage someone that no matter how bad it gets there's always hope. 
i was sick, but noow i feel better. 
I was singing Trinidad Yoruba Oshun songs in the shower lol. It's gonna be a good day! 
i love all time low(L) ++ room 94 
i love all time low's new songggg  why can't i add it to my myspace?!
i love allison. she will officially have a job tomorrow. i know it.  oh, did i mention, I LOVE HER. &lt;3
I love Amanda Thrip in Matilda. 
i LOVE amanda, shes hilarious  and yes she is actually my friend, but she needs to make more youtube videos!  http://bit.ly/uxM6B
I love amazing things.  Goodnight twitter critters! 
I love Andrew! Very much 
I love animal crackers 
I love anya!  she just made my day! I missed her so much!
I love arguing with ignoramuses. 
i love ashton kutcher!!!!!!! but i love my kids more!!!!    aarrggghh still at 6! waiting waiting waiting for ashton.
i love atlanta now..... itzz AWESOME with tha lites and stufffffff.............. ya.  SHINY
I love August Rush. the movie hahahahaha. Jamia Simone, u voice is cool  n u r beautiful too 
i love Austin so much! and my dad is making chicken! ha 
i love bank holiday weekends when people are home 
I love beach days! 
i love being a bitch sometimes. it makes people hate me and lets face it. the more haters the more reason to stunt 
i love being able to speak my mind to people's faces whenever I want to.Freedom is so rad 
I love being in good company. Makes me feel all kinds of good inside. Going to bed a happy camper. Night 
i love being right 
I love being up at 4am. Def a plus to being sick.  Quiet house, brady bunch marathons and anticipating a beautiful sunrise. 
I love belated bday presents!!! Lol its always nice when pple think of u &amp; r thoughtful enough 2go &amp; get u sumthin...feelin warm &amp;fuzzy 
I love ben. He drives all the way to work to then call me. he decides to call in sick because he wants to sleep in and spend the day w/me 
I love Berkeley @Tayylornicole @RespectTheLine @Lalalexyy and me just got given a blunt for free by a random guy 
I love bike rides that end at ritas 
i love bikini weather 
I love Bing. Started with a search for my favourite animal; it suggested I try searching for &quot;okapi carousel&quot;. I did: http://bit.ly/okaro 
I love blasting @officialFTSK in my car, 
i love blues clues 
I love Bon Jovi music 
i love bones! about to watch a friends episode; there's nothing better 
I'm heading to the beach today  super shiny day! Talk to you later folks! Have a nice day y'all
I'm hella early for personal training. Couldve slept longer!! Hella irrate! Fuck my life. 
I'm helping my kids to learn math with rainbow goldfish crackers. Sorting, counting and charting. 
Im Here  @JBLPhotograpghy
Im here and ready!  bring on the gf goodness  #CGFT
I'm here at work I'm so tired been here since 5:30... I'm so excited my 2 best friends r comin down from jersey today 
Im here now 
I'm here sitting here not doing the work i SHOULD DO. 
im here waiting on facebook that jonas brothers give the WEBCAM some of that ajja i dont kmnow how to say i am very happy with that 
i'm here! 'neata  i'm out of here! zbye ;))
i was so happy today was nice out!!  im so happy spring has shown up..for now anyways 
I was so shocked &amp; bewildered by the whole episode. You are an excellent actor &amp; this was a very strong &amp; important message you relayed 
I was so worried about my midterms, but it's easier than I thought! Just have to study &amp; make sure everything is in lock 
I was sooo devious today! 
I was sort of surprised that EA Sports Active received so many positive reviews on Amazon.com. Looks like I gotta get it 
I was sunbathing for 30 mins and i got a slight tan  
I was supposed to be drinking more water, rather than drinking wine ... I blame it on my water machine not arriving 
i was supposed to be going out. BUT I'm at the house chilling w/ the hubby &amp; the son.  FEELS GOOD!
I'm home  application in, new make up, pub lunch. Sorted! 
im home  but now im goin to bed im so tired!! goodnight, God bless
Im home  enjoyed the day &lt;3
I'm home  Had dinner got changed, now going to watch Megan and Liz's new youtube vid, yayyy! 
im home  whats up?
I'm home ! men this past 5 days were crazy ! but it was worth it ! best gigs ever 
I'm home &amp; happy to be here! I'm off for the weekend!!! Fuck yeah 
I'm home again 
I'm home alone watching Grey Gardens with my dog. So maxin' 
I'm home and everything is going good! 
im home and watch the offical Trailer from New Moon i like it 
I'm home babies. I love you all. 
I'm home chillin and relaxing 
I'm home from school  How was everyone's day? xoxo
I'm home now ! wooosh 1:25 am! Still too early! i lovee his kisses 
Im home now!! Wendys  was WOW..Really bad! The food was nasty the tables were dirty just GROSS! But the beach was good 
I'm home now, took an hour at least to get home. Quite tired at the moment. How you guys doing? 
Im home nw! Been out al day kinda tired! liam n callum r totally swnd luv them boys 
I'm home! Had an awesome time with my wonderful hubby at the Kenny Chesney concert tonight! I love my hubby &amp; my life so, so much! *sigh* 
I was surprised with an upside dwn pinapple cake  YAY!! me
I was talking to him. &lt;3 One day I was smiling and didn't know why, then I realized I was thinkin of you. &lt;3 
I was talking to you from my printing tech computer. Now i'm texting you from my phone 
I was the first to throw my hat up at grad today!! Seniors '09 baby! 
i was thinking about you and it kind of made me smile.. 
I was thinking of re-reading the 6th Harry Potter book ( Half-Blood Prince ) which is an awesome book and I can't wait to read the final one when it comes out.
I was thinking to take a walk with my dog this morning but i'm really tired and i feel cold... So yea... Next time. 
I was THRILLED to see JT win on Survivor last night!! 
i was tired all day.... now its time to sleep and I am wide awake...... guess i will play some more sims 
i was tired and exhausted. but going to try this twitter thing since everyone is doing it...am i follower? 
I was trying to be kind to my unsettled sick stomach.. but today.. I pig outt! Lol Im sick no more. 
I was watching Desperate Housewives from my work PC and my eyes were tearing up with some scenes. Kinda embbarrasing trying to hide that 
I was watching kim kardashian show and eating some cupcakes and drinking sprite..  starting the weekend..
i was watching learning tagalog video on Youtube.Xie Xie for the uploader! 
i was watching the art of kissing by kissing.com it was worth watching 
I was without internet for a whole day and thanks to my smart trusty husband I'm back on  Life is so much better â€¦ ahhh.
I was wondering the same thing about you.  
I washed car, mowed lawn, and did some weeding. I'm now getting into the pool and relaxing. I'll be back to tweet later. 
I wasn't able to finish watching Perfume yesterday, so I'm continuing it now. 
I wasn't going to go out tonight but looks like I'll be heading over to Main Street 
I wasnt me 
I wasn't sore yesterday. But i'm definitely feeling those hills now! My legs hurt all the way up to my booty. Its a good hurt 
I watch a ton of bootleg movies.. I know a guy who knows a guy.. Hit me up n maybe I'll connect yu two ;-) hmmm.. Obsessed then StarTrek 
I watch and learn at my job 
i watch hanna montanna  its soo funny 
I watch just 'Domian' cause a twitterboy I follow, has told about it. And yeah it's interesting. 
I watch the @JimmyFallon show religiously...can't get enough. Love him! 
I watch the Movie &quot;Yamakasi&quot; Relly good movie, Its on france 
I watch this tv show in English In France it's soon !!! I love this serie DO you know the jonas brothers ?? 
i watched A Night At The Roxbury tonight....classic! hahaha  then i got my Hannah Montana fix lol
I watched a show about sloth's yesterday, and now I'm obsessed with them. lol. Such weird, funny yet adorable animals 
I watched Bride Wars today.  It was a really cute movie.  I would recommend it for a light hearted chick flick.  
I watched Camp Rock yesterday night at Studio 23, it was great.. 
I watched eurovision its was shit lol 
I watched half season of dexter today, I'll watch the another half tomorrow! but before this, i'll buy a new sunglasses with Melissa 
i watched harry potter and the goblet of fire last night  it was AWSOME!!!!!!!!! way better than twilight.
i watched the hannah montana movie and it was bloddy GOOD! i cried 
i watched the movie, terminator yesterday.. it was so awesome!! 
I watched UP in 3D with my brothers  It's the cutest! I wanna watch it over and over again! 
i watching Berlusconi on channel 5  he's great lol
I wear my stunnnnna shades at night! 
I wear zee cargo today. Supa coo 
i went 2 bed at like, 1 last night, and got up at 9:30, i'm so tired, but that was such a fun party, best party of my life 
i went and gotg my nails done and ate dinner with my grandma! I even paid!!  How nice am I?
I went around five of the six roundabouts in town  and drove in town
i went on fb and wasn't bothered to check all my notices. 
I went out to get some fish..I came back with a rabbit!!!! His name is Ralph 
I went shopping after 7 months today.  I feel so lost shopping though. Haha.
I'm home!!!  Oh I missed my boys.  I was just greeted with hugs n kisses.  It warms my heart the love my boys have for me 
I'm home!!!!! Gonna take a much needed shower. Chat with you in a bit 
IM HOME, dance show was hella gooood   [[:neek_neex:]]
I'm home, FINALLY! Got my oxtail and rice and I'm about to watch The Hills finale that I missed last night 
I'm home, kids gone home, Button won the Grad Prix, Robbs a happy boy 
I'm home.  good weekend.
I'm home. After deciding that the formula for aerobic respiration is E=mc2  Damn you Biology.
I'm home. Buzzed. Hubby dislocated his knee paying rock band. Power stance my ass. I blame mexicore 
I'm home. Not a scratch on me. 
I'm home. Showerrr then bed. Hmmm..I sence something totally adorable going on between @ddlovato and @TraceCyrus. Maybe it's just me... 
I'm homee  well have been for ages but yeah.
I'm hoooome!!!  the rain stopped just when I parked the car. Now it's hot again.
i'm hooooooome.  go lang ng go
I'm hopin' that my daddy brings me an ice cream from @cherrygarcia... No ice cream in any store why?...I love chocolate fudge brownie!! 
im hoping for a lakers vs. cavs final  oh california how i miss you dearly.
im hoping my gran sends me money tomorrow so i can treat my sister to lunch 
I'm Hoping The Next Couple Hours Go By Fairly Quickly .  Loveeee &lt;333
I'm hosting Loteria and Toma Todo at my house tonite! Yay for gambling ;). FYI: they are traditional Mexican games 
im hot but i just cant figure out how to put a picture up of me.  And no im not a blonde. 
im hungry   and excited for next week and the weeks ahead 
I'm hungry ? ... Think that I'm going to make some lunch soon ?   ( Right now it's twelve o'clock in Denmark ) ;p
im hungry and my mum's cooking something DELICIOUS  what's ur fav meal?
Im hungry and tired and dizzy lol gonna sleep when i get homeeeee later  Already fucking up my sleeping times more than usual! 
I'm hungry! Back soon people! 
im hungry, gonna go have some lunch... brb 
im hungry, i think ill have some toast then go and continue to read The Host outside in the sunshine 
I'm hungry. And single.  heading to the golfing range soon.
i'm hungry. andd still super excited for blinkk! 
i'm hungry. i want scrambled eggs again. my grandma always makes perfect scrambled eggs. my mum sucks at it. so i'll go make some myself! 
I'm hungry. Lol. Will grab something to eat. 
I'm hungry...and I don't wanna get outta bed I just want to be lazy! 
I'm hungry...I think I'm gonna eat french fries *-* Ahh yummy 
I'm hungry...Soo i'm going to eat with my mom yeiiii 
i'M HUNGRY...TiME TO MAKE SOME LUNCH  
i'm hunry but you probably dont need to know that lol 
im ill =( nt at skool  might nt b in all week
IM IN @KONIFAUNDES 'S HOUSE 
I'm in a competition for YouTube subs with my pal(?) @meganlogan.  Help me please?   http://youtube.com/outofmyelement (New vid soon!)
im in a dark theater &quot;writing&quot; a song with nick j who is rockin a faded egg plant shirt! 
I'm in a door knocking war with my neighbors  we knock on their door...then go back into our rooms....and they do it back
I'm in a Fiona Apple mood today. 
I'm in a funny mood today. I even thought 'I love my boobs'. It's probably the weather 
I'm in a good mood today  I actually feel motivated! Study, lunch with the Mutter and maybe some driving 
I'm in a good mood today, maybe it's the rain, the cold, the wind or just some other happy things 
I'm in a hot air ballooonn 
I'm In a joke mood 
I'm in a mood for Styx today I guess:  another appropriate one   Sing for the Day ? http://blip.fm/~4j5um
im in a much better mood today than i was yesterday 
i'm in a reallllllly good mood 
I'm in a really good mood today. I melted my lipstick with vaseline and vanilla and it's awesome! Got more contest entries too. 
im in a tweeting mood! 
I'm in AIT class joining twitter 
I'm in Arizona and @taylorswift13 is in Los Angeles. FML! only 3 more days though 
I'm in Austin Tx at Cap City Comedy this week wed thru sat 
im in bed. warm as toast- as my nana would say &lt;3 running through emails. early to bed before a day by the beach tomorrow 
Im in Cato wisco today. Doin my thing.  lovin the weather 
I'm in cologne! Doin a radio interview! Crazy people up in here! 
I'm in El Paso, wayy ahead of schedule.  California, here I come!
I'm in French and we don't have a teacher.  One hour left til school ends.
I'm in Germany whoooop whooop!! and i flew with the smallest plane possible but i'm alive...just 
I'm in ICT with the a half massive haha, connor is getting twitter woop 
I'm in Italy!! 
I'm in Kearney Donald Partnership for work experience! 
Im in ketchup and feeling quite tanned ... what a day 
i'm in keyboarding with sammysaur. 
I'm in LA trickkkk- beautiful night in Los angeles. So happy to be where I am 
Im in line at sonic an its an hour wait. Staging areas an shit, fucking bullshit 
im in LOOOOOOOOOVEEEE with my new pack!!!! 
i'm in looooooove. had me a nice whale wars night last night. made me so happy 
Im in love with @officialnjonas  
I'm in love with aiden (L). And I'm kind of hoping 2grand win... Just because they are so adorable 
i'm in love with BLACK EYED PEAS new album!  check out my blog: www.joshdiaz.blogspot.com
I'm in love with Garrett even more than i was in Feb.  &lt;3
I'm in love with Phil Collins' Disney songs!! 
I'm in love with the best guy in the world  &lt;3
I'm in love with the Lady Antebellum cd! Third time on repeat this morning 
I'm IN LOVE with the song Bottle it Up 
I'm in love with the two new cobra starship songs. So excited for the new cd. 
im in love with the weather today 
I'm in love with The Welcome Hotel in Drummoyne more than I've been in love with anything!  Except my Sammy. Loves u. 
I'm in love!  with a stripper. No uts kidding just kidding  I love you Joe Anthony Hernandez! 
im in lovee with alekss 
im in loveeee. yesterday was amazing!   &lt;3
I'm in my element 
i'm in my garden watching 2 squirrels playing in the fountain 
I'm in my room next to the peepee room ! Oh yeah !! 
I'm in my summer dress, ready to head off to chado and to enjoy the insanely warm and sunny weather. Yay for summer! 
im in need of some fun! 
I'm in need of some new tees these that I got are to big and dumb lookin...I'm hype that I lost that weight 
I'm in Rinku Town right now. Flying back to Taipei tomorrow! I have a new favorite store - Afternoon Tea 
I'm in school...in the Ict lab right now :| LOL 
I'm in solitude for my music and letting beats sink in to go right....on the other hand remaining spiritual and focusing on the light! 
Im in Some place called Melrose Place  sounds like the show LOL
i went to bed early enough last night so im not that tired this mornin 
I went to frys to see andy and saw my BUD instead! Aw baby i missed you!  we need to chill!
I went to get my phone. Tweet tweet 
I went to high school with this girl  http://bit.ly/7Zt2s
I went to old navy yesterday and i bought like 2 pairs of sandals for like 5 bucks. 
i went to see the circus tour  im going monday too ;)
I went to Starbucks and there was no more newspapers...so no Datelab...its ok though, because I think I am going to drink rat poison 
I went to the dentist! 
I went to the farmers market, hung out with Megan and walked around the fair. 
I went to the gala wearing super high heels, love the feeling of feeling tall 
i went to the mall, and saw Lindsey; 
i went to the marshes today..i gota SCANNER tres excited 
I went to the Pussycat Dolls concert!!!! what a fantastic show!!!! Just wonderful!!!! 
I went to the temple too, as a Sunday morning routine. Amongst other things, said a quiet prayer for Federer too.. 
I went to the World Education fair today. It was a whole different kind of circus. 
I went to White Water today!!!!    (That's a water-park folks!)    I got a little sun, had some fun  http://tinyurl.com/l9u835
I went to Yunji's birthday party. We had a great time together. Happy Birthday to Yunji!! I love you  chuâ™¥
I went tubing yesterday, and OMGOSH I am so sore ha and sunburned. But I got tann so. Ha its all good! 
I WENT UPSTAIRS AND FOUND THIS LOVELY CANON 500D (T1i) AND 50mm LYING ON MY BED. I HAVE THE BEST PARENTS EVER! 
i will admit that i havent purchased a cd in quite some time. thanks to the internet. 
I will also inform about opportunities to get free licenses of commercial software. Enjoy! 
I will always have 83 problems remaining ~ Buddha / Zen only has advice for solving problem #84 ~ the desire to not have problems 
I will be changing the picture of the Flip Flops so you can ALL See what is on this Site so you can see the Products and Colors in there. 
I will be giving away some promo codes and stuff supplied from @freeiphoneapps , so follow 
I WILL BE going to sleep. nights tweeets lavs. 
i will be happy when you are 
I will be Hawaii next month..Hope can see You 
I will be in Cali June 17-21st! I cannot wait to take a little break from life!! 
I will be in KC Memorial Day Weekend.   Hit me up if you will b 2!
I will be on every night for prime time updates at 7-9. 
I will be out tomorrow and will see what I can find   Enjoy your weekend!
I will be playing Sims 3 tomorrow! 
I will be riding a classic Schwartzkopf today. 
I Will Be Right Here Waiting For You  http://tumblr.com/xij1xem7y
I will be sort of wasting the next 40 minutes or so trying to delete messages from a Google group so our new hires won't see what we said 
i will be the sun in your sky. i will light your way for all time. promise you. for you i willll.. 
I will be watching his game later  Go Federer!
I will blog tomorow. I pinky swear promise. Goodnight you beautiful people!! 
I will comment after you  financial site-loan,credit card http://moneyhelp4all.blogspot.com ... please leave me comment and follow me here
I will definitely make some changes!!!! I will be a better man and more in tone with my inner self. I will practice love and happiness 
I will eat all the the cupcakes. Ever. 
I will enjoy going back to school next Jan  can't wait till I can massage again. Now give &quot;beauty&quot; massage occasionally at huge discount
I will get ready for work. Bye   xx
I will get that new lurker clan shirt, ICH ftw 
I will gladly pay for a signed copy if possibe 
i will go out today to buy GITD (glow in the dark) shoes! *FASINATING* BTW:i voted for you miley for teen choice awards ! (luv ya) 
i will go to Bali island ... 
I will go to New York this summer.  I'm so excited !
I will go to Saint Louis University tomorrow morning for my enrollment. haha 
i will go to the dentist later... for sure it will only take 10 min. 
I will lay the smack down on my statistics test today, I know I can, I know I can, I know I can - positive self talk 
I will let you know of my triumph!  Ha ha ha!
i will love you Lord with all my heart, with all my soul and with all of my mind.. and with all my strength... 
I will make the best of today. Urgh. I think i will eat costco food today. 
i will marry oliver sykes one day  lol
i will never ever be able to jerk. lmao. im going to go see kyle  ah he makes the so happy. &lt;3
I will never get tired of seeing the matahorn from the freeway 
I will never understand mean people. Just seems like it would be so...exhausting. 
I will not be late.  I will not be late.  I will not be late.  
I will not lose . . . 
I will NOT miss my coughing officemate while I'm on mat leave 
I will not sign in to Twitt until 4pm tomorrow...watch me 
i will pay the person that will help me do my testimonal.  haha.
I will pick up Sasha (Tanya's brother) and Lena (his wife) at the mall after yoga. They won a Green Card through INS' Green Card Lottery. 
i will reply 2 @repliesz as soon as i finish ... muahszz ty 4 #ff all muahszz ///// also i hear that fly shyyt @willpao i really hope so! 
i will rhyme for beer 
I will say The Chaser wasn't as sharp as it was previously, but it was enjoyable. Of course it went too far. They always do! 
I will say this though: Their cover of Protocol's &quot;She Waits For Me&quot; is pretty good. 
I will show u same level of disrespect u show me.Since I'm more networked than u currently acknowledge, I will impact u more 
I will sleep now! kisses 
I will spam you all tomorrow with twitpics of beautiful pagan rituals and river love!  Oh no, this cider is spiked with protestor juice!
I will stop posting these when you guys sign up 
i will take my cover of Not Alone by Mcfly out in some minuttes  xx
I will try to always be smiling. Smile makes everything happy, I hope 
I will try to remember to Twitter from the George Strait concert 
I will watch Princess Protection Program!! 
I will when I get home though 
I will wrap you in my arms...Soon 
I win.  IN YOUR FACE. Thanks for playing!
I win? You now must call 
I wish @billybuns was in this video, but there will be plenty more to come so whatevs 
I wish @taylorswift13 all the best at the CMTs. I'm rooting for you 
I wish @tommcfly and @TomFelton will reply to me one day! 
I wish adobe would make a program called adobe appshop cs5 which would allow for creating iPhone apps with an easy artist friendly GUI 
I wish Adri woke up this happy everyday  So cute to see her little smile when I walked in her room!!
I wish all chocolate bars were like Snickers 
i wish all of you a good night and some nice dreams 
I'm in such a comic mood.  I'm spending my weekend over my drawing desk. Looking forward to the back pain!! 
im in such a good mood!! lol 
Im in such a great mood this mornin ! could you guys tell 
Im in such a happy mood again 
im in the apple store man 
Im in the best mood right now. Its gonna take a lot to ruin it now.  
I'm in the clinic, because my brother was born! 
im in the garden  i like wirelesssss
i'm in the garden. Making pictures, weed an sweep. The weather is nice!! See you l8ter people! 
im in the mood for sleeping 
I'm in the mood for some Fat Up satsumas.. and Adam Lambert of course 
I'm in the mood for some Roxette or some Heart --- who has mp3s? 
im in the mood for The Devil Wears Prada. My room is turning into an orchid farm 
im in the mood to listen to The Maine 
im in the mood to watch Las Vegas or Prison Break. haha summer 08ï¿½  too bad iï¿½m at work lol. http://tumblr.com/xj11syfax
I'm in the office! Hahaha, first day of internship, I feel kind of nervous  Wish me luck!
I'm in the Starbucks with a cup of coffee   http://yfrog.com/ehhmyj
i'm in total love with my birthday present 
I'm in Twitter!!!!!!   
I'm in VA for the weekend, my youngest son turns 2 tomorrow......it makes me kinda sad, he is getting so big, check out my twipics 
im in vegas now where is katy? Katy u promised me to come! 
im in wisconsin! its so nice out!  
I'm incredibly happy right now! I have 96% in English... &amp; that is without my final paper.. Which was really good lol  I'm pumped!
I wish every weekend could be as awesome as this one  What are everyone's plans for tomorrow?
I wish everyday was negro day!!!!! 
i wish i could   i miss you!
i wish i could cake on the phone like in the old fashioned days... 
I wish I could do that too, Kristin  ... bored... kids are eating now... silence looool Or not.... just the way I like it 
I wish I could drive by myself (legally, that is). I hope @catieisflyy pulls through for me. But if not, it's okay. I'll still love her 
i wish i could have gotten a call from Jared lol but @raqualak totally deserved it! listening to The Fantasy 
I wish I could meet demi i'm here in the Bahamas also but have not seen her yet. But she is some place in the same hotel so yeah. 
I wish I could really go back to bed but I can't....so I'd better start getting ready to go shopping 
I wish I could travel North America and go to every #wordcamp because #wcchicago is awesome. 
I wish I could write a paper entitled " Why Harry Potter is Awesome.
i wish i could've gotten sims 3 for my birthday. that would've been funn! 
I wish I did better on my math exam haha, but today was good and so will the rest of the week be  i'm just so excited for the weekend!
i wish i either lived in trader joes, or lived closer to it. 
I wish I had a friend that was a chiropractor  
I wish I had a job. But I'm glad it's the weekend and I get to hang out with friends! 
i wish i had a retainer so i could talk like a weirdo. 
I wish I had a Tardis!  how cool...i'd just cock about all over the place 
I wish I had friends like @stephaniepratt 
I wish I had more virtual memory for my myspace page, please Sir can I have some more    http://www.myspace.com/38pr
I WISH I HAD SOME CALAMARI YUM 
I wish I had super powers  I want to fly away and come back when I want ... I'm a dreamer alright
I wish I knew how to use Twitter better. I mainly use it to follow Ellen and Perez Hilton 
I WISH I LITERALLY COULD FUCK JUST ABOUT EVERY NIGGA IN THE WORLD...IMA NYMPH 
i wish i live in nyc  another 2 years baby and i will be headed that way
I wish i lived in Chester 
i wish i lived in london!! 
i wish i really didn't like &quot;Britains got Talent &quot; this much....cheese on toast 
I wish I still had my Simpsons shower radio. 
I wish I was at Star Wars Weekends, but I'll have to contain myself for 2 weeks. May 29th - Birthday. June 6 - Hollywood Studios! 
I love Bow Wow. He is so funny! 
i love boys  are the best love your music and how they are  (L)
i love boys before flowers. weeh ! im now obsessed on kim boom. he's so cute. lool 
i love breakfast! been looking forward to it since last night. toast with cream cheese and raspberry jam and hazelnut cwofee. mmmmm... 
I love Bring It Home shows and the afterparties that always follow. 
I love brokeback mountain with all of my tiny pink heart...
i love brokeback mountain!
I LOVE BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN!....
I love Brokeback Mountain, but it's really sad.:(..
i LOVE brokeback mountain..
I LOVE Brokeback Mountain...
I love Brokeback Mountain....
I love buffets but they are so over filling 
i love butterfly effect 
i love CakePHP's ORM 
I love cameron so much..... memories from the past...... 
I love Camp Eisner.  I miss you guys.  Can't wait until the summer 
I love camp fires in the back yard 
i love camp peoples!!  what to do on my last day before being a nanny.... :/
I love camp so much i am going again next week! 
I love Chase Utley!  
I love chelsea lately 
I love chiccen!! 
I LOVE CHILL SUNDAYS!!!  Straight chillin. ;)
i love choc buttons 
i love city of heroes.. why did i delete it.... i shall redowload it  in a few days...
I love clean rooms and good movies. It makes me feel nice 
I love coffee also. 
I love cold, dark, and gloomy mornings! To me it's very refreshing. 
I love colourful plastic hearts 
I love coming home 
I love coming home at 4 am with no key. 
I love Conan  http://twitpic.com/7iiza
I love cute shorts. 
I love cute texy messages. Especially when he calls me mandy 
i love da vinci code....
I love daffodils  there so happy looking! Haha
I love Damned If I Do Ya (Damned If I Dont) Cant stop listening to it! Cant wait for the new ATL album! And the music videos too. 
i love danny . tweet tweet 
I love days like today ~ the weather is purrrrfect!! 
i love ddlovato and i dont doubt her, i cant wait for your tour girl.  love, marissa.
i'm inlove with the stripper. 
I'm isolating myself in front of the computer all day. Gotta go out now for real intimacy! 
Im jammin out to my only miley cyrus song 
i'm jst a little bit caught in the middle, 
i'm just a bird thats already flown away 
''i'm just a kid and life's a nightmare'' // that song always reminds me of ''cheaper by the dozen''  i love that movie....
I'm just a kid!!!! 
I'm just about to turn dough into biscuits. 
im just back from lunch lol 
im just come back from my mum friend's house, i met a very cute little boy. he's just a 3 years old ( i guess) 
im just givin you shit 
I'm just going in the whole day trip with mum and friend  It will be fun!
Im just going to pretend i know what im doing  always the way to go
I'm just going to take a quick shower and hoppfully, me and Eveline is on our way to celebrate the Swedens national-day, c ya 
i'm just having a bad day. sorry guys. 
I'm just having fun...  I'll FF you if you vote for me on - http://bit.ly/PmvRY 
i'm just home, now i'm watching tyraaa 
I'm just kidding. Sorry yall. 
im just listening songs. 
I'm just listening to a tears in heaven cover, the song makes me feel very sad - i really need to put some happy music on! 
im just loving my life so much more than i usual do 
im just NOW finding out how twitter works...wish me luck! 
Im just on my way out to see Drag me to hell   Then im off to kerry or 4 days wuhooooo 
im just sittin and watchin tv, smthng comic.. i think 
im just sitting around and watching my friend ado. he's a fucking genius.  ola ola. carrrrrramba. BUUUURN MOTHERFUCKER 
I'm just so excited for new moon!!! Back to school on friday!!! 
Im just so happy and i dont know why!!  I guess its just a good day
i'm just so happy right at this exact moment 
I'm just started, and i don't know what to write 
I'm just stupid I think....lol But I'm trying to have fun in the meantime 
im just surfing the net 
i'm just thinking out loud -- what is with so many people having blackberry's? not that i have anything against it. just wondering. 
I'm just waiting for some friends of mine to work out at the gym 
I'm just waiting to go and pick it up!  
i'm just watching &quot;cheaper by the dozen 2&quot; it's so funny 
I'm just wondering, how does David A. let go of his nervousness when he performs? 
I'm just,chatting with Michelle and Charles! 
I'm kind of digging the retro one piece bathing suits this summer. 
i'm kind of excited that I actually have time to watch the MTV Movie Awards 
I'm kind of regretting not going to bamboozle on the east coast too. :/ Oh well, ELVIS COSTELLLLLO and The Wallflowersss 
I'm kinda done with the whole 10th grade thing! Jeeij!   
I'm kinda excited now... 
I'm kinda hooked on The Last Remnant. Cool concept for epic battles. It's quite enjoyable 
im kinda scared to go to her party....(: BUT THEY HAVE A HOT TUB!!  ok im good now.(: twitter is my personal psychiatrist!
im kinda sleepy but twitter is soooo addictive lol . 
Im kinda wonderin if anybody even reads my tweets... I dunno..imma twitter addict!!!  4 real tho...
i'm kirby i want to fucking hump Brendan up the bum. 
I'm late cause of lunch! Haha. Loose Caboose rules!! 
I'm late for our poker game. Hope I'll win tonight. 
I'm late, but it's a day off for me.. So u got 25 min to buy booze! 
I'm laughing @ these hoes that want what I got and I'm laughing @ these niggas that can't get what I got  what can I say, IM A ROCK STAR!!
Im laying in bed with the cutest boy born in 2009 and pg.  While my 4 year old son wants to be a big boy and watch cartoons in the ot ...
I'm layn here talkn to maddi and waitn for panda to call me. Y does maddi ignore me on the phone? Oooo jack-rabbit 
I'm lazy. don't wanna do something useful, but have to... so: creating a choreo for the kids-birthdayparty on friday.. or something else 
Im learning a lot of american stuffs in Hanah Montana,, not bad huh,, 
I'm learning how to tie a man's necktie.  I suppose this skill could come in handy at some point. 
i'm learning how to use twitter. 
I'm learning Tagalog... I've been asked to go to the Philippines  to host 
I'm learning with Twitter and Facebook. It's really hard, when you're from the Czech republic 
Im leaving  because i hate you 
I'm leaving for Bintan for BBG camp  So excited... It's going to be awesome!
I'm leaving for Boston in about 12 hours 
i'm leaving from here.....here is weekend!!!!!!! 
i'm leaving right now. it's soo exciting. i want to have a good time. 
I'm leaving to schoool,to my final exams  wish me luck! 
I'm likable after all HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Still over the moon 
I'm like dieing to go to the beach :| tannnnning 
im like really bored. staring at my arms..the autographs are on my hands are kinda fading away. but the arm parts r still der 
I'm like sleeping by the laptop...checking after every five minutes cause @DavidArchie might be online in Twitter! 
I'm like so on the radio right now. - http://tiny.cc/hiVuD - or 97.4FM if you are in #Canterbury and wanna hear some #music and me!  x
I'm likin this weather 
Im liking escape the fate alot tonight.  excited for ESTK      NemoNemesis 
im listen music!! lol yeah!!  all the day!
i'm listenin' the Hannah Montana's CD..that is so cool 
IM LISTENING 2 SUM MUSIC 
I'm Listening A little bit longer - Jonas Brothers 
I'm listening Akcent-the best group in the world! 
i'm listening music 
i'm listening Radio Disney, a HilaryDuff's song 
i'm listening Taylor Swift again ! 
i'm listening to ABBA    http://bit.ly/pYs8b
I'm listening to Alanis Morissette's Jagged little pill o.O It's been so long since I've heard &quot;you outta know&quot; good song 
i'm listening to christmas songs again, it's june, wtfff. brighten and the maine though, so i feel less stupid. 
I'm listening to last weeks radio show on iTunes. 
im listening to LVaTT!! its hacking awesome!! 
I'm listening to M83's 'Teen Angst' and wondering why I didn't hear this album before?  I'm showing my age by referring to it as an album 
I'm listening to Matt White  what a lovely song. Amazeballs!
I'm listening to music 
I'm listening to music and dancing around everywhere!!! 
I'm listening to music, thinking of how wonderful everybody in the world is, how great GOD is, and glad that it is a new day! 
im listening to music.. 
im listening to So Far So Great  @ddlovato
I'm listening to The Cure. I &lt;3 The Cure. Brings back great memories. 
Im listening to the JONAS BROTHERS !! they make me fell like an angel  theyre music is the best .. Ilove they..I love Nick jns
I'm listening to this Blink 182 song and it reminds me so much of high school 
i'm living in a flashback again 
i'm livinggg. it's 6AM, just walked in 
I'm loading up clothes and other stuff to head to the Land of Lincoln! Woo Hoo! 
I'm loathing something today and I don't even know what it is.  Maybe I should go back to sleep and start the day over 
I'm logging off for tonight. I've got some other things to do. Good Night, Everybody! 
I'm looking at my twitter homepage, and seeing @RockIt_Man and @theeconz talk about anal sex ... what the fuck. On that note, g'nite twit 
I'm looking at you on Google earth!!. Yes You. Put some clothes on. your impressing nobody 
I'm looking for an old fashioned crockpot, around 3L capacity, to buy for my mum.  Let me know if you can help  .
I'm looking for relevant, interesting, mutual link exchanges for my travel blog. If you are interested, direct message or reply to me. 
I'm looking forward to a long weekend of korfball 
I'm looking forward to Bali then moving back to Noosa - lifes good 
I'm looking forward to my mum and dad's cooking this evening - and they bring it to my house  so nice
I'm looking forward to NYC. Having a relaxing Sunday - going to get some lunch soon with Mom and Dad 
I'm looking forward to today because I'm in a very happy mood 
I'm looking forward to tomorrow, another day with no sun  My skin will live to see another day! haha
I'm looking forward to Tris getting back with more wine so we can sit on our lawn and eat al fresco 
I'm looking forward tomorrow 
I'm looking some videos of McFly in Brazil, always awsome 
I'm looking to get a jack russell terrier, mini dachshund, or a dachshund. Or a beagle but I'm pretty my mom will vote againtst it 
I'm lounging on a comfy couch with several fuzzy blankets and the TV on, waiting for my man to bring me a sweet treat. Lovin' life 
i'm lovign loren cause he is soo cute 
im loviin this heat     off to the beach!!!
i'm lovin' hey monday and paramore sooo much. 
I'm lovin it 
im lovin life and lifes lovin me lol. only one thing missin sigh. i need a gf. lol 
im lovin life more and more everyday... 
I'm lovin my UberTwitter vs Twitterberry. Thanks to my sexy beast @ailinalei but I'm keepn TwitterBerry as a backup jus in case 
im lovin the belfast weather  ... oooo marmaris next monday  .. uber excited for that .. its my fave place on this earth 
I'm loving Katy Perry. Thinking of you. 
I'm loving listening to Radio Disney ! 
Im loving m.L  And hoping Liverpool buys someone good soon!
i'm loving mechanicalplurk, hehe. a new toy for microbloggers. 
im loving my background 
I'm LOVING my first day at work! 
I'm loving my iPod touch 
I'm loving Please Don't Leave Me by Pink! 
i'm loving Regina Spektor's new album Far, not like i'm surprised.. I always love her music 
im loving the pic of ur mom &amp; dad @lilmo4ever  u look like ur mom..
I'm loving twitter 
im loving watching this like.   (pinpoint live &gt; http://ustre.am/2wLS)
Im loving zhaar For Always 
I'm lucky I'm in love with my best friend 
I'm mad about my tooth but oh well. Goodnight 
I'm made in God's image, as are you. 
I'm madly in love with Kenneth Earl Doston, Jr! 
im make this fuckin twitter profile 
I'm makin' up time here...it's goof to be home!!!! HaHaHa 
I'm making a folding screen...to Feug Shui my B-room  They say its good to have the pc and bed separate ....can't hurt I say  LOL
IM MAKING A NEW TWITTER  tell yew when its done 
I'm making a tumblr! 
Im Making a Vid for my blog channel  youtube.com/iPoopis  And trust me... it is amazing 
im making an Dark/Ambient song now, it will be great, soo evil sounding  just the way it should be. Heavy and evil
im making an electro comeback with  #musicmonday jeffree star 
I'm making bread and listening to Billie Holiday.  
I'm making breakfast while on webcam to Anna in Germany, and dancing around the kitchen to Tegan and Sara. What a life. 
I'm making chocolate fudge brownies. 
I'm making cinnamon french toast. Want some? 
im making dinner. Making my niece fave since see missed out on Teakwoods. 
im making fancy dinner tonight 
I'm making more animated gifs.  These are addictive 
I'm making some sort of improvement - I'm at 60% now. Okay, so it's not substantial improvement but from 42%, I'm getting somewhere! 
I''m making some space on my mobile phone now so I can record my first time watching The Hillywood Show's episode 16!!!!!!  
im making such a rad McFly vid atm 
Im making the amazing Downtown LA hot dogs. 
I'm making the video that will announce the winners of my giveaway now. I'll upload it later this week 
I'm marooned  he cried...........  
Im messing arround on the computer and putting music on the ipod 
I'm missing the Killerbeejays of '09.  Still haven't written on our scrapbook. I should come back for that. )
I'm moderating Biz Outreach with @christinajacksn and Zack S. From KC.  Who's attending?  #AIGA_09LR
I'm moving to U City this weekend!!  
I'm navigating the OU website with my sister - or at least attempting to!!  x
I'm nearly completed my custom orders  Feeling happy, they all look gorgeous! Just took some photos of them. Off to make some dinner 
I'm need to to my homework but I'm hate it! just more 2 weeks// 
i'm needing a pick-me-up to wake-me-up, might watch yo gabba gabba, worked last time - blinded me with primary colours! lol  bored much?
Im needing sierra's purell right about now 
im nevah evah gonna walk 3 dogs in the same time.. that's makes me want to throw up LMFAO 
I'm never drinking this much caffine again, ICAN'TGETTOSLEEP!!! But I had so  much fun with Rizz &amp; Megz  bffs for lyfe!
I'm never giving up! 
I'm never gonna wash my hand again!! hahaha 
I'm new and lost 
im new on here...i need tweeteres..  my name's Palmira!
Im new to this whole shin-dig twitting thing,help me out and follow!!  
I'm new to twitter so be patient - still getting used to things 
I'm new to Twitter! ;-) Glad to see so many fluff-friends here! Yay! Koali is happy to see that, too  OK, back to work...
I'm new to TwitterFox thanks to Brittany and Grace. Yet a new way to be distracted at work. 
I'm new.. and I love Ciara! Follow me Ciara lovers!! Thanks 
i'm new....the show must go on! ahahaha 
I'm no longer in Albusexual. I'm livin the dream in CALIFORNIA 
I'm not @SimTecT    Had to leave the AFTRS early to get plane back to Hobart, it a good day.   ABC, didn't put in a proposal interest ...
I'm not 100% sure but it looks like someone used my name to buy a pimped out Dell computer. I have the order and tracking info though. 
I'm not a big fan of beets but I could definitely eat them like this.  http://bit.ly/qylam
I wish I was doing matthew mc conahey...  I was trying to search for him oops
I wish I was interesting and had something cool to tweet about. Hm. I think I'm going to see @paparoach in .. august. wooooo! love them. 
I'm not a big fan of Terminator movie but I really enjoy watching this one! And NATM2 is hilarious! I laughed all the time! 
I'm not a fan of star trek fan, I've never seen an episode, but I actually liked the movie 
I'm not a leader nor a follower. I'm a second-in-command. 
im not a narcissist, but i love my nose and hair.   
I'm not alone anymore  cuddle time
i'm not an early bird. i wish i was, hmm time for crumpets and coffee to get me going. send me good vibes at about 2.15pm today  xo
Im not an only child anymore! Getting the slut from the airport 
im not appearing in the find people list - have been told to list some tweets - so im going to count 
I'm not as much too lazy to workout as I am too lazy to drive to the gym, does someone want to give me a ride? 
I'm not being sensible and having a ball 
I'm not complaining as a lot of hard work went into this event and I am excited to see it come to fruition.  
I'm not complaining, mind you, just stating a fact about my day 
im not crazy.just tired. that is why i will sleep.and then shove my face in a book 
i'm not desperate .. but i didn't find THE ONE 
im not doing anything.... 
i'm not doing to bad on my diet only eaten half a bacon sandwich today 
i'm not dsrunk im just tipsy 
im not even that big on footy, but I still want the blues to win cause im drinking with a couple of queenslanders tonight. 
I'm not going down without a fight 
I'm not going down without a fight. It's friday action night 
i'm not going to give any updates even though this is my only chance to use the computer today 
im not gonna lie, that just made me smile really big.  still smiling.
I love Death Proof; &lt;3 Mr. Tarantino more  @RONDARLING
I love deja vu moments that make you feel so happy and smiley  I'm a very lucky girl!
i love discovering music  wanna show me more?
i love discovering new bands and meetine new people...gets the adrenalin pumpin 
I love discovering new music 
I love discussing black holes and the meaning of life with Erin and Tessa. They didn't forget me! 
i love doing 4 different hi-fives with @elaineliu People should be jealous 
I love downloading new music  hey I just realized the really catchy song from tap tap is playing on c4! Awesome haha
I love driving this truck  and glad that my day got a little better
i love durian 
i love dwelling on past memories..specially at 4am 
i love Dwight Howard's vitamin water commercial... now i wish he was with NIKE and not adidas. lol.
I love E3 so much 
I love E3 week 
I love early Monday planning sessions.  I know.  That makes me even more of a freak than you thought.  I can deal.  
I Love Edward Cullen 
I LOVE ep of one tree hill, naleys second wedding 
i love Eric Clapton's Layla! 
i love everything about mysty 
I love Facebook 1.6. 
i love facebook! 
i love family guy 
I love fanfiction. They can really brighten your otherwise crappy day. Thanks to all fic writers out there! 
I love Feist '1234'... it's such a happy feel-good some *smiles* 
I LOVE Ferras. End of story 
I love Finding Nemo  Classic.
i love finding ways to NOT go to spanish class 
i love fires in winter time 
I love First Fridays! Racine is awesometastic! 
I love Fishes, not for food stupid, but for my aquariums. 
I love following new people on twitter, even if they say boring stuff like me 
i love following you all! lol. goodnight! 
I love free food 
i love free grocery coupons 
I love Fridays! Chilling out with the people who mean the most to me...love them 
I love gettin spoiled. Its freakiin Awesome 
I'm not good at tennis at all, but it feels like Federer is the one who will win even though it would be fun if the cute swedish boy won 
I'm not in a bad mood anymore  I have my appointment with Dan Henk June 6th!!!!!! http://danhenk.com/
I'm not leaving in September now though, so a road trip to Mississippi is definitely on now 
I'm not living in West Circle anymore, but I'm still working there for a while 
I'm not looking forward to dragging my huge zebra-print suitcase across the city tomorrow...head down I think  xx
I love getting 8 hours of sleep. I'm definitely a fan. 
I love getting monthly deposits to my Paypal account for stuff I set up years ago and haven't touched since  lol
I love getting new followers, but REAL people only please! 
I love getting new music 
I love getting off working &amp; meeting everyone at the bar! 
I love getting spoiled with comments everyday 
I love getting up at ridiculous o'clock  This has been a slightly bizarre morning... Amazing how warm it was outside at 5:30 this morning!
I love giving away FREE stuff so I made a website to do just that, so help ya self  and yes they are virus FREE http://budurl.com/free4u
I LOVE God, he goes hard for me when no one else will 
I love going 2 the gym - i feel so accomplished. Auditioning for a BU student film later 
I love going shopping by myself. I look dumb  oh well!
I love going to bed in a clean room 
I love going to the post office and seeing a gorgeous ad featuring model @KINGII. Proud of you boo 
I love good people! You know the real kind of good, that you RARELY come across.. that are GENUINELY sweet! God bless em! 
i love good weekends 
I love goodmorning texts 
I love Goodwill. 
I love Google maps...especially of DC  I want to be there!!
I love Google's Mothers day theme  http://tr.im/jtl8
I love gossip magazines 
I love Graham Norton. I've said it before...I will say it again. 
I love gramps. He cant resist buying from the bakery every time he passes 
I love grandparents 
I love green day, 21st century breakdown is such a gd allbum 
I love Greg, Josh, and Austin 
I love halfdays  going to the bank
I love Harry Potter and if there's someone like him, I wanna date him... -- Jamaica, Queens..
I love Harry Potter books-not the bootlegged movies, which Daniel Radcliffe ruined...
I love Harry Potter!
I love having a friend who doesn't mind me sending him Lolcats. 
i love having a lie in and not having to rush around 
i love having a tv in my room  watch my i love you video! http://bit.ly/b9V1v
I love having absolutly NOTHING to do 
I love having no deliveries on my shift and being sent home 
I LOVE having the freedom to share the Gospel with my 5th and 6th graders in school!  Not to mention getting to pray with them everyday. 
I'm not loving that Jake will be gone for 4 days. sigh... Hope he has fun though 
I'm not on here all that much... 
i'm not online on ym 
I'm not overwhelmed with work today, so being at work isn't so bad. Means I get to talk to you lot. 
I'm not plm-pre interested! 
I'm not prisoner anymore! no more jail, no more books, no more homework no more tests yayyyyy!  oh well, at least until next year. ;)
I'm NOT SELLING MY MACBOOK HE IS BUYING THE DELL 
i'm not so over with arron yan (ya lun)! he's so cute!  crazy me.. haha
Im not supposed to text at school 
I'm not supposed to use the computer. Haha but I need to vote for @DavidArchie!! Please vote for him too!  http://tinyurl.com/qyss23
I'm not sure if I'm tired today or just have a case of the Mondays - but at least I get to see babe face later 
i'm not sure that the bruno vs eminem was staged....at least eminem did not expect bruon's butt in his face 
I'm not sure what came over me but I now have the cleanest bathroom EVER!  
I'm not telling anyone anything about the tour! Sorry 
im not tired. just plain lazy. ngeee~ 
I'm not too concerned. She thinks I've got crap taste in movies so, if she hated it, I'll probably love it! 
Im not tweeting from my DSi, im going to be blubbling from my DSi` blub 
im not!!! haha. im just saying only do it if you really want to, not for any other reason. nose piercings are not bad. relax 
im not, i mean it, i love you  &lt;3
I'm not. If it looks like a legitimate profile, I'll counter-follow.  @leighgrace Are you picky about who you follow back? Why or why not?
I'm now a fan of David Archuleta. I regret not watching American Idol Season 7. Oh well... 
I'm now a River person and i have chocolate milk  yay
I'm now a twitterer!  Will try to keep an open mind and learn what the point in all this is..... 
im now blasting out defying gravity to compete with the putside drilling !? SHUT  UP! ahh good old idina  back to revision soon, =/
I'm now convinced profits for this month result in the biggest bank wire transfer yet ever 
I'm now convinced profits this month give me a new revenue record for me 
i'm now cs4 enabled - rockin! 
I'm now driving on the freeway , from one part  of town to another. I can drive as fast as I want, must not be in LA 
I'm now following Lush on twitter 
I'm now in an amazing mood, three of my favorite games are getting sequels 
I'm now level 24 in RC. 3 to go... 
i'm now listening to Boys Like Girls  ilyyyyyyy Boys Like Girls. ilyyyy Martin Johnson, Sexy Skittle Sex ;)
I'm now officially part of @ouroffice (or put otherwise, I've enabled nmbd-lookup queries 
Im Now On my last episode of boys over flowers! How exciting 
I'm now on OpenDNS. Hopefully it works in our insti as well! 
I'm now part of Millennium Girls - here's to the rehearsals  yippppeeeeeeeee!
im now preparing my things for school. 
I'm now relaxing at home! Nice to be back 
im now watching &quot;only you&quot; in youtube..hehe! marathon i2.. 
Im number 3 on the ReverbNation charts for Hip Hop in the 919. 
I'm obsessed with I'm a celebrity get me out of here... spencer NEEDS to go tho...heidi is too cute. Bed time now  gnite twits
I'm obsessed with twitting  haha
Im obsessed with urban outfitters. their clothes fit just right. 
I'm off  In a grey short dress, haha. I just figured you all should know that... cause I'm a trainwreck of weird quality. LATER FOLKS!!
I'm off  Will maybe tweet later...Bye!
im off ..... catch ya later  muazzzzzzzzzzzzzz
im off for a bit today. everyone stay safe and keep it real 
I'm off for a bit, twitters awful for the battery! Enjoy your day everyone  kisses. Xxxxx
im off for a bit. be back soon  xx
im off for a bit. later guys 
I'm off for a typically energetic (frenetic) day? Unusually cool here - might be a top-down drive to and from  - art has kept me balanced!
I'm off for tonight good night everyone 
I'm off guys. Catch you later for some #followfridays. Right @realradiosteve? That boy just doesn't take a hint!!  x
I'm off into the hell of Watford to get Patrick Wolf's new album. Wish me luck y'all 
Im off now 
I'm off now night people  xxxx
I'm off out clothes shopping in a mo ..fingers crossed I can find something as really I'm a fussy cow at times !!!! 
i'm off out for a walk now 
I'm off Out soon, Hi to Everyone! I'm going to see Keane at Shepherds Bush with My Sister  xx
Im off out to enjoy the late night sun 
I'm off out to see my friends 
im off to &quot;help&quot; my mum in the sunshine!  wee break from studying.
I'm off to a party tonight  i swear im sober, i promise
I'm off to Alton towers 
Im off to bed  ill catch you guys on tomorrow. thin positive thoughts (about me if you like) and keep it real. Night ppl!
Im off to bed all!  Please add my good one of my fave bands on myspace: http://www.myspace.com/thewestsideband/  night everyone! 
I'm off to bed for some well-deserved rest. Did demolition on daughter's pink formica countertops. Pics tomorrow. Rest well, my friends. 
I'm off to bed right now.  see ya plurk 
im off to bed Take care all 
I'm off to bed, been a long day! sweet dreams 
Im off to bed. 10:30 on a saturday, my lifes exciting 
I'm off to bed. G'Nite tweets. Parting is such sweet sorrow. LOL 
I'm off to bed. Gonna dye my hair tomorrow, what colour? Answers on postcard 
I'm off to bed. Gonna finish Little Dorrit tomorrow  They did such an amazing job on adapting it to film.
im off to bed...goodnight...stay positive...love yourself....im out...peace sign minus the index finger 
I'm off to Brighton this morning to meet my new nephew for the first time 
i'm off to cannes now. they wanna shoot there for like two hours.wtf?aha whatever. well atleast i'll be home at 7pm.  it's all good
I'm off to conquer my first 9.5 mile run ... feeling a little intimidated ... but I'll do it ... yep, I'll do it ... 
I'm off to Costco in a bit to print off more photos for my photobook 
I'm off to elementary school again! Have to pick up all the letters Alyssa's class wrote to Jack.  I'm so glad her teacher was so cool! 
im off to find sleep. hope its not hiding 
i'm off to get my hair done at last thanks to my gorgeous boyfriend. I love you. Then i got to take him to hospital hahaha. 
I'm off to get my hair done, then lunch with Karen &amp; Ross 
I'm off to get things ready for the bbq +cocktails tonight...shall be on prob at around 9.30  kisskiss to you all!! Have a lovely eve xxxx
I'm off to go cash my tax returns (YAY!) and then visit @mixedconscious at work  Hopefully I won't spend all my money!
Im off to go create something else now 
i'm off to go look for that handbag i wanted today! i'm glad kids are all back at school now  hah
I'm off to Heavenly Chocolates, Timog for my Demystifying Chocolate 101 appreciation class! Chocolate overload! Later!!!! 
I'm off to help my sister make her wedding invitations 
I'm off to la in like an hour or less 
I'm off to lunch now  Or as I call it &quot;reading hour&quot; - 285 pages left!
Im off to Manchester Airport today  gonna watch the planes (Y) haha 
I'm Off To Matts Soon, Hopefully My Glasses Will Be ReadyToday 
im off to pay bills then buy some more shoes 
i'm off to pick up a girlfriend then off to hike in the Waitakere's! if you don't hear from me in 4-5 hours please come looking! ta 
I'm off to pick up a package from the post office. I know I paid for it, but still feels like a present! 
I'm off to remodel a kitchen, have a great day, Twitterville.  And all my thanks to all the new followers, I appreciate all the attention 
I'm off to see &quot;UP&quot; in 3-D   
Im off to see @camillabellle I know its late, but I miss her and shes not feeling good so yeah. 
I'm off to sleep a while. Baifornow, folks. 
im off to teach 
Im off to the Gym! beach Body here i come lol 
I'm off to the movies 
Im off to watch a spot of tv lmao 
I'm off to Wytheville, VA for my &quot;little&quot; cousin's graduation! God I feel old 
I'm off today... Yay!!! 
im off tooo beeedd now . haha. 
I'm off. Gonna watch TV and munch on some nuts. And probably wake up my mom now. xD Tata, mates! 
i'm off. see you guys later 
I'm offically a McHi alumni 
I'm officially 17 today. woohooo!!! 
I'm officially 19, baby!! 
I'm officially 21!!!!!!!!! 
I'm officially a senior now 
I'm officially addicted: Saltwater Room by Owl City.     
I'm officially done with high school! 
I'm officially done with my online math class! Now it's time for lunch... And then off to work. To God be all the glory! 
I'm officially free of the university's hold on me 
I'M OFFICIALLY GOING TO BRITNEY  AHHHH
I'm OK todat but it's tomorrow that I fear 
I'm okay now. My beautiful Bella just settled down on her bed in the hallway. It's odd how immediate the comfort was. 
I'm okay now~  Thanks Marsky~ XD
Im on a Bayes theorem roll! done all my calculations just need to add another 200 words and spruce 
I'm on a boat! I'm on a boat! Ha ha i love andy samberg... 
I'M ON A BOAT! wait no, not really. but i wish. 
I'M ON A BOAT. That's how cool i am 
I'm on a bus 
im on a Chuck series marathon 
I'm on a Fantastic Voyage! 
I'm on a high on a high, there's nothing more to it...yeah 
i'm on a mission to find the PERFECT Jonas Brothers picture, would you guys like to help me? if u do just reply with your favorite pic 
I'm on a roll with these submissions. this is making me see [even more] how passionate I am about writing. oh yeaaah 
I'm on a roll! Looking for my fourth team member for today!  Sign up free at www.website.ws/talyn  Watch the video and then decide 
I'm on a super high right now!! cheer up everybody, after all....doot da doo life's good! priority @mileycyrus tickets BO'YEAH  xoxo
I'm on a vacation now here in Bulacan 
I'm on Fire via Bruce Springsteen from @musicla play list! Awesome!  ? http://blip.fm/~5grjn
im on late i know just stoppen in im off tho to eat and play my sims  Night Twitterville
I'm on meds. I'm drunk. And kind of mad. But happy that I got a better job, &amp; that i'm laying on my wonderful bed now.  Night.
I'm on mobile trying out!  - http://tweet.sg
Im On Msn 
i'm on msn! and aim, so let's chat ^^ send me your screenames/msns 
im on MSN.i met really amazing people 
I'm on my bf house chating 'n exchanging all the news!  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
I'm on my third train of the morning 
I'm on my way home for 41 days of holiday  Yay!!!
I'm on my way home very shortly, need my twitter fix!!! Another day where i will get nothing done, ha ha. 
I'm on my way to Disneyland. It's definitely the happiest place on earth. 
I'm on my way to Grand Indonesia. Hang-out with friends 
I'm on my way to houston with new teeth.  Haha
I'm on my way to school for maths. How exciting. 
Im on my way to see paramore 
im on my way to the airport to go to MATINEE in LA  see me there &lt;3
Im on my way to the airport! Bye England! Up next....Switzerland!  4:30am pickup!
I'm on my way to the church. Every thing's set and we're ready to go! See you guys later! 
Im on my way to the zoo wearing a zebra printed top in hope to attract some male zebras. 
I'm on my way, from misery to happiness to HOME! 
I'm on my way...look out for me @jordanknight @jonathanrknight @ youngq -Hotlanta or Bust  
I'm on mypornospace.cum, twittuhh.cum &amp; youtubethroughyranus.cum. 
im on myspace cracker tommorrow 
I'm on Plaxo too if anyone wants to connect 
I'm on season two of Doctor Who now. Hooray! 
I'm on the 60 day commitment call with @ShaGibbs and Ms. Parker I heart them  my motivational squad!!!!!
I'm on the beach.  And you're (probably) not. 
I'm on the bus &amp; some girl in front of me with the same phone I have, is checking either her friendstimeline or getreplies on Twitter 
im on the bus on my way to school ugh yay lol 
I'm on the computer veing cold because i'm so bored plus i'm texting people 
I'm on the front page today for Juxtapoz .com Reader Art   http://bit.ly/VBn9p
I'm on the internet! 
I'm on the NYLON website http://bit.ly/zY6Wo  hehe cool 
I'm on the phone with BankBoo 
I'm on the phone with my adorable boyfriend  eating a choco hannah montana egg
I'm on the plane!  shutting down now...I'm hoping for an empty middle seat...but there's still a line coming on...
I'm on the quest of &quot;Helping Sam Get 1000 Followers&quot;. Follow @ssamantha now! Because.. she's fucking funny. 
im on the way to check out the Gary Manuel Aveda Institute on capitol hill  soooooo excited!
Im on the way to meagan's. 
I'm on top of the world  http://wiz.ro/apr09
im on twitter mobile... confusin!!!! lol im knda slow 
I'm on twitter yeah yeah 
I'm on twitter! 
Im on youtube trying to find a song to put on my ipod touch 
im on youtube... 
im one of dem miami girls!!!! 
I'm one tough momma. Put together a swing set for Tammy allll by myself today!  My hubby would be so proud of me. :]
I'm online 
I'm online and ready to talk. @ reply meeee. 
I'm only giving 2 #FF shout out's today!! And those are the only 2, I will continue to send them out w/ different reasons each time!! 
im only going to be gone for 2 weeks. and i promise ill text 
I'm only me when i'm with you! 
im only trying to be nice and im sick of your rejection. on the contrary rove is on soon 
I'm out 
i love hayden christensen. gonna have a HC marathon tommorrow. because i just wanna look at him all day 
I love hearing good and new songs on the radio 
I love hearing my niece say &quot;no daddy i want hannah to snuggle w me&quot; 
I love heart to hearts with Ashley late at night. 
I love her tweets, sometimes they catch me off guard and I smile  #FollowFriday @esoterismo
I love Hey Baby and Don't Charge Me For The Crime by @JonasBrothers 
I LOVE HIM! People think its a crush, but its never been, its always been real. I love him... so much. I can stop thinking bout him!!!  &lt;3
I love homemade breakfast every morning 
I love hookah  oh how I miss real tobacco...
I love Hoops and Yoyo. 
i love how @kurt1018 is following me but not @holliekoth1....clearly i am his favorite Hull sister  haha
i love how all the boys by a tv checking the game and supporting the warriors 
i love how baths always make me better  
I love how boys are so understanding and don't hold onto drama. 
i love how finals are tomarrow and i legit forgot everything at school. 
I love how genuinely friendly people are in Wellington South Africa! Everyone smiles and greets one another 
I love how Grace connects pick up lines with Ryan!  hahaha.
I love how Hugh Jackman is so enthusiastic and postive about the Wolverine movie and game. 
I love how I can disarm an angry man with a huge smile  too bad it won't work on my grumpy father
i love how i can play the intro to paranoid on guitar 
I love how I do no wrong in my granny's eyes. And when I tell her I did something wrong she says &quot;that's your granny rubbing off on you&quot; 
I love how I forgot that it was June &amp; when I remembered that it's June, it also reminded me that @joeypage 's Birthday is this month 
I love how I get the &quot;Norm from Cheers&quot; routine when I walk into my hair salon! Except everything is in Spanish 
I love how I have no followers 
I love how i'm never home  i haven't been home once since i came back from disneyland. I need clothes damn i guess i'll go home tomorrow
I love how InfraRecorder has that little smoke effect during CD burning! 
I love how it got soo sunny out! Tanning at the beach now 
I love how its 8pm and not totally dark 
I love how life reflects off my mood 
I love how more and more people are donating to Walkthepic after he has done the run, just because they are so impressed 
i love how much jonas brothers is playing on tv today 
I love how music can brighten up anyone's day and bring people together to have fun!!! 
I love how my day is so easily made. @simplyethan tagged me in a followfriday as &quot;a tweeter he's been enjoying as of late&quot;  #notastalker
I love how my garden looks with a fresh layer of God's FREE mulch. Not to mention the promise of no (at least fewer) weeds this summer.  
I love how non-chalant &amp; blunt Tony Montana was! Didn't give a f*#! what nobody had to say, spoke how he felt... Funny too 
I love how politically incorrect Eminem is  His latest album is all about rape and drugs... how odd 
I love how pookie always sleep under my chair (cuz the metal bar is cool  http://twitpic.com/6rfid
I love how random my good moods are 
I love how SOMEONE had the nerve to text my friends off my old phone and make up lies so they don't talk to me. You're an asshole 
I love how talbot I'd just chillin on the gate of the truck 
I love how they congratulate them after they &quot;lose all those inches&quot; 
i love how this one forum is so obsessed with me, hi guys 
i love how we are all actively connected, through twitter   @tyoung2 @steph0o @WCKAO @grrace88 @KRIY0  (i kept spelling the wrong names)
I love how when i finally got home today, Maceroni was jumping up &amp; down like crazy 
I love how you two are probably sitting next to each other and posting replys on twitter.  Cute, Just cute guys. 
I love Icecream on hot day 
i love icecream.  especially with m&amp;ms in it
I love ilhan.. He is a genius 
I love intellectual Harry Potter debates..
I love it when I find new interesting articles/roundups, makes my day more interesting + more to learn!! 
I LOVE it when I have awesome images to work with on a project. It really makes all the difference. So happy with this  #fb
I love it when my 2 yr old sings songs he learned in school... Some of them I never heard b4 but they still make me smile  yeah I'm corny
I love it when people I don't know are nice to me. 
I love it when tentative plans start becoming a reality. 26 days. 
I love it when the girls play better than the boys  http://tinyurl.com/qckhhc
I love it when the sun is setting...don't really have to watch a real sunset....but just observe the warm colour it has on surroundings.. 
I love it when you wake up to a good news ! don't you ?  http://annecresci.blogspot.com/
I love it!!! I just posted my first video response on youtube  now I am waiting for the person to approve it...
I love it, walking home from my night out people in the street were drunkenly talking about how well we did in Eurovision  I love Europe!
I love it. As far as I can tell, only one other player at my table who actually plays limit hold'em. Now to stop losing to runner runner 
I love its Harry Potter Hall ~ kaka..
I LOVE iTunes Movie Rentals! 
I love itunes, good quality sound, cop that album if you havent yet to your ipod 
i love jack in the box!! Today is hot day there are alot of hot people 
i love JaM too!!  all day every day
i love james morrisons new song. was soo hoping he'd release that one, its my fav off his new album  (L)(L)
I love janes addiction let me count the ways 
i love jay from the hills. lovelyyyyyyy. 
I love JB (NOT Jonas Brothers) the best werewolf in the earth!   LOL. (Laugh out loud.)
I love Jesse McCartney. OMGG. It's not even funny. I loved him in Dream Street and I still love him now 
I LOVE JIGOKU SHOUJO  Recently obsessed with Jigoku Shoujo Mitsugane...xD Hehe.....
I love Jillian from the US Biggest Loser, she doesnt take crap.. but then l love Bob too, he can train me anyday 
I love Joe Jonas...He just made my day 
I love Joe. but I must admit i loled at those signs the girls made. 
i love jonathan  6-7-09 &lt;33 can't wait to go to the blink 182 concert with him! =D
I love jumanji 
i love jumpe the rope 
I love Jumper.  def one of my favorite movies.
i love jusing long 
i love K.A.'s beetle car: http://tinyurl.com/pag777 . sorry guys, if i'm tweeting a lot today. can't help it 
i love katie and monique and blythe and amy. so. much. zomg. 
I love kendra mcsorley and want her to know how much she means to the people who love her  got ya back home girl
i love kevin hughes 
I love knowing that tomorrow is Monday and I don't have to go to school anymore, woooo 
I love Kris, I really do. But this proves what we all already knew. Adam is the real star. I mean, Young Hollywood Artist of the Year?! 
i love kristie malouf forever.. but i love aaron more.  craig ratcliffe is hot. ! kristie lovers him forever (L) xx
I LOVE LA TODAY  stoney choons n dank alllllll dae- boh.
I love LA!  That's why I live here, because of the quakes??  
I love late-night television 
I love lateral thinking problems  I should be breaking down my classroom but it breaks my heart.
I love lazy Saturday mornings 
i love life and peoples pathetic attempts to make want to kill myself bahahahahah stupid work song stuck in my head  love life!
I love Linkin Park 
I love Linkin Park, My Chemical Romance, Jet Black Stare, Sum 41, Green Day  --&gt; real rock band :X
I love listening to Chase Coy when i am going to bed. So soothing 
i love london! ohh so much! britains got talent (Y) best season 2 datee 
I love long weekends 
I love looking at old memories  haha http://twitpic.com/7gc6j
I love looking through old pictures. Im going to start scrapbooking so i could do it everyday 
i love loove loooove encouraging people 
I love Lost....nough said.... 
i love lots of people 
I love Love Hearts  i'm eating some now!!
I love love love Lynette &amp; Tom, and I hate it when they fight.  Yay for fictional character love!! Esp. #TwitterBones &amp; #Bones &lt;3 
I love love love my little peanut.  feeding him.
i love love LOVE spending the day at home with my family!!! had my parents and sisters over for breakfast AND dinner... (long day 
I LOVE LOVE LOVE when chicks ask me to introduce them to Real Hip Hop!!! I know exactly what songs they will dig!  spreading the sickness.
i love love loves my twitterfamily!!! yall are the best, yall motivate me!! thats why i show so much love 
I love luau's  rafting &amp; BBQ tomorrow, though!
I LOVE LUCKY CHARMS,,,, MMMM GOOD !!! 
I Love Lucy best show ever 
I love lucy is the best show ever 
I love Malabrigo as its gorgeous and really well priced. I won Â£20 on free bingo earlier so thats for the yarn 
i love mcfly  #brazillovesmcfly
I love McFLY more than ever atm. 
I love me my sunflower seeds mmmmmmmmm 
I love me some aaliyah . but I have never seen queen of the damned . watching it right now 
I love me some Conan, so I want him to do well! 
I LOVE me some funky friday on 106.1 KMEL! Best radio all week 
I love Mentos  Goodnight everyone!!!
I love Metal Gear Solid 4 and Valkyria Chronicles. 
I love method products from target. Yes i know its home supplies 
I love Metro Station, mann.  Today is going to be a good day (I hope)
I LOVE MICHAEL AND PATRICK JAMES! and hoey joey.. i guess 
i love michael cera and the shirt he wore twice  he's so cute
i love midnight talks with debbie  she's the best landlord you could EVER ask for! maxxin on pizza then bed for a busy day tomorrow.
i love mission impossible, it's like the only action movie i like, plus tom cruise is in it.
I love moments shared w.| yuh . 
i love mondays. i get so excited for cheap tacos and margaritas! haha. 
i love monkey juice 
I love mothers' day almost as much as I love my own birthday. 
I love movie nights 
i love movies that make you feel  ...watching &quot;Girl, Interrupted&quot; - soooo goood!&lt;3
I love music 
I love music , all kinds it's amazing !! It makes me happy 
I love music @mileycyrus and @ddlovato. I can not wait for season 4 HM 
i love music that reminds me of summaattttiime! 
I LOVE MUSiC! 
i love my (as Angel described it---&gt;) 'lady gaga' shoes 
I love my 2 new tops I bought earlier today!  So nice!
i love my 559 friends..! they're awesome. can't wait to see my 831 friends tomorrow.. woo 
i love my abuelaa 
i love my age where i can talk to my parents w/o drama...1 pt for adulthood 
I love my aunt and my jessjess! And i cant wait until july 5th 
I love my baby Chelsea  she's a cutie! and the new addition to the fam, Rianne Mira, is so cute! can't wait to hold her. 10 and counting?
I love my baby rat.  She's adorable &lt;3
I love my bed  goodnight!
I love my bed. And I love how I have no school tomorrow. And I love my shutter shades. And I love my parents. 
i love my best friend, she is amazing in every way.  Thanks for everything girl. &lt;3
i love My Best Friends Wedding 
i love my best friends,&lt;3.  @yyelizz @emilyspears
I love my bf ( Captainkirk619 ) he is awesome 
i love my bf!!! hehe! 
i love my BFFs.. They set my standard for what i wanna be when i grow up  
I LOVE MY BLACKBERRY 
i love my bother for fixing my twitter problem  *hugs*
I love my boyfriend. &quot;'m out of class&quot; &quot;shit!&quot; &quot;well..i can walk slow&quot; 
i love my boyfriends mommy she is super cute. made me and baby breakfast today. 
I love my brother. He makes me LAUGH! 
I love my brown skin ladies 
I love my bus route my kids are amazing  They make me feel so loved! The ministry is good! 
I love my car. 
I love my cat dexter. I think we're meant to be, he's so laid back &amp; chill and he loves to sleep &amp; cuddle with me.  he's my only one.
I love my cat! 
I Love my church  
I love my church. 
I love my closely friend name is 'PAKBUNG' she's is only one is understand me, protect me, and talkative in all story. 
I love my coffee. 
I love my collage! I cant stop staring at it! Goodnight to whoever is reading this  (that would be really weird if it was like morning ...
I love my cousins  such a fun night
I love my cute boyfriend 
I love my dad. He woke me up by putting a piece of bacon in front of my face and let the smell wake me up 
I love my daddy! He just bought me the new England shirt 
I love my daddy! He took me to foodtown 5mins before it closed to buy sugar for the brownies im making to take to Lucianes! 
I love my disneyland annual pass! 
I love my dogy ! &lt;3 getting my ring back today !!!  &lt;3 &lt;3
I love my family!  (thank God for them)
I love my family, the girls &amp; my boyfriend lots  xxxxxxxxx
I love my fishy... 
I love my flowers darrin got me 
I love my friends . Good times 
i love my friends and family 
I love my friends so much. It is currently my dream to be able to live with them. 
i love my friends! I enjoyed today  i'm going to sleep now... i feel really tired.
I love my friends.  they make living in this life that much more exciting.  love you guys. Muah!!!!!
I love my girl  fifteen and counting. .
I love my girlfriend who is very smart and sexy. No one can top her 
i love my girlfriend. she is trash talking and making me sandwiches...whatta a cutie 
I love my grandparents.  They always make everything soo much better.  
i love my hair today 
I love my hairdresser Sylvia at Actpoint salon - shaw towers. I finally found someone who can handle my thick hair! 
I love my husband 
I love my husband....just fyi 
I love my ipod! Just putting it out there 
I love my job  I hope jake and sarah enjoyed their beautiful day!!!!
I love my job - I just got an email from a MOB from a year and half ago thanking me again for what I did in '07 for their family! 
I love my Leeshy babeee 
I love my liddo brother andy &lt;3333333 Suck on that bitches  jk
i love my life but i'm tired so i'm going to bed  goodnight twitter!
I love my life, special things are happening in my life, I love my job my life and my friends.   Hope everyone is having a great day!
i love my life; off-fa-fa tomorrow; i hope that this get past the flirting stages 
I love my little cousin  XD He puke a lot but i LOVE HIM 
i love my little sisteer 
I love my Maitu. N she loves me. Happy mothers day mama! 
I love my math teacher! He basically gave me the answers to the quiz..yayy 
i love my men with some meat on them 
i love my mom so muchhh! happy mother's day 
i love my momma. she treats me like im still 5 years old. 
I love my mommy!  http://tumblr.com/xwn1swtpa
I love my nail tech!!!! She's so detailed n takes her time. Gt down on my tootsies n nails 
i love my naughty DMs 
I LOVE MY NETWORK!!!!!!! 2 solid #F5 Network Engineers in 1 day and praise from 1 tough client!  (doing a little dance!)
i love my new background.. 
I love my new blackberyyyy 
I love my new car!!! what a pleasure it is  i am gonna have loads of fun driving it whoop whoop!!!
I love my new climbing shoes 
I love my new family!! So glad we are all together 
I love my new lappy! 
I LOVE MY NEW MALFI DOLLS!!!! THANK YOU FRIENDS WITH YOU! 
I love my new man.  big arms and a big heart to match.
I love my new memory card - more music 4 ma phone 
I LOVE my new nailist  She really knows my taste!! I'm lovingggggg it!!! http://twitpic.com/4yi3z
I love my new nails. I will show you guys soon!! 
I love my new phone! Had a good weekend too, looking forward to the next one! 
i love my new profile 
I love my new scribble book 
i love my new tattoo 
I love my new toaster oven 
i love my new. and I hope that this week goes alot better than last week 
i love my online friends.  Sometimes I can relate to them more than the friends I see all the time. lol. XD
I love my other world 
i love my parents 
I love my parents! We are spontaneously kid free this weekend 
I love my pink phone ;P It has everything i've always wanted in a phone  Restaurant city-ing now 
I love my porch chairs, they rock back &amp; forth, so relaxing. I'm cracking up right now w/ these kids. How fun it would be a child again  
I Love My Questie Fam..You Guys Rock Mii Sox :] -Kiwi P.S - Good Morning! 
i love my Ray-Ban aviators. lol 
I love my red sox monkey - his name is Evil Dave 
i love my saturday client! i received 2 bags of organic fruit in exchange for a 45min workout 
I love my silly Monkey!!  http://twitpic.com/6srfy  He had a monkey theme birthday...I have called him my little Monkey since he was born 
i love my stereo. annoying our neighbor with loud non-turkish music makes me happy. 
i love my the maine shirt.  it beats @brittanyohh's.
I love my Tiffany... 
I love my turtleeeee. 
I love my twitter   I think I've ran out of things to say. I dont like writing one sentence responses. Its boring and pointless 
I love my VF friends without you guys and gals my life would be nothing i thank you 
I love my wife. She brought me back snyders pretzel snacks from new york amongst other thigns  http://short.to/6wvg
I love my xbox, and I love it more after the E3 news 
I love my Zwinky. She's so cute. I'm so fascinated 
i love myspace and twitterrrr  twitter iss soo tweetyy and sweetyyy
I love Mythbusters! It's on DMAX right now 
I love Na Leo, their songs are so soothing.  I feel like I'm back home and at Bellows beach 
i LOVE nates mom she made breakfast burritos  hmm and had chocolate milk.
I love Netflicks  Watching the Changeling
I love new music 
I love new songs 
i love not being able to see replies to people im not following. 
I love not doing anything for a change 
i LOVE not waking up at 6  breakfast at leahs (:
I love not waking up by myself 
I love NOTHING more then having people ignore me and not being able to sleep. Ill be home in 13 hours 
I love NPR, Chicago Public Radio, and This American Life more than is probably considered healthy.  Chillen out 
i love october sky lol, my itunes has been on shuffle and some of the songs, :| randomness 
I love on-line shopping!!!!! 
I love Oprah too. 
i love oprah's big give show.  it would be nice to have that kind of show in portugal.
i LOVE our basement 
i love outrageous fortune... good old kiwi classics... what real families are like 
i love paint  i love it even more when you're wasting time with it when you're supposed to be learning an essay.
I love paula dean. I just wanna give her a hug! 
I love paying in electronics instead of at the front of walmart. No ridiculous lines for me! 
I love Paypal and their service 
i love peanut butter. goodnight. 
I love people that obnoxiously yell &quot;LOL!&quot; while laughing. I also love mocking them. LOLLL!! 
I love people with trampolines. 
i love philip. he's lovely. 
I love Pietrus's accent! 
I love PJ Harvey, and I'm pretty sure you all do too so here's a nice little vid   http://bit.ly/3RGWo
i love playing blocked on my ipod touch 
I love playing matchmaker! Mission accomplished. 
I LOVE playing monopoly 
I love playing the chance theatre 
I love playing with the Realtek HD Audio Manager! HAHAHA. 
I love Pol Pot, Adolf Hitler, Satanism, Nazism (even though I am a jew). fuh fuh 
I love politics and Harry Potter...
i love preparing packages for my customers!  sold 4 workshop dvds already, so cool! )
i love quiznos and i always ask for extra pepper 
I love rain 
i LOVE rain storms  ... moving back into MY room 
I love rain!! 
I love rain, especially when I am inside with my candle burning watching old movies 
I love reading a good book...aahh...one less day until june 12th. 
I love reading twitter messages  that's gonna get an addiction... another one o.O.
I love Red Kelley's lemon myrtle salad dressing, I really do 
I LOVE Reed Johnson 
I love remembering the programs I used to watch when I was little  Like Captain Planet, Xmen, Spiderman, Tundercats, count duckula!! lol
I love reruns of my old favorite shows on Nickelodeon and ABC Family.  Doubt I can sleep without it!  
I love rico from hannah montana  i wish i could meet him in real life haha he would be my little buddy haha hes so funny 
I love ridding in this weather 
I love rocking out to JB. 
I love rodger the fish. 
I love Ross Noble! he's so funny 
I LOVE RUN&quot;S HOUSE!!!!! 
I love running errands they're mini adventures for undesirables 
I love Saturday mornings 
I love Saturday mornings. Listening to @NPRWeekend on @kcrw and sitting outside with coffee and some bing cherries 
i love saturdays, cuz i don't have to worry about eat healthy food 
I love saturdays. Sleeping in is awesome. 
I love Scream by Tokio Hotel 
I love seconds to my smut prompts. Have I mentioned that?  It makes me REALLY happy. XD
I love seeing all the buzz going on here @westwinds  lots of Twitterers.
I love seeing Kenny Chesney perform live. He rocks a show like no one else in the business. 
I love seeing these from my patients. Makes me feel good  Doubt it will make I up on the board though http://twitpic.com/6j2sy
i love shananay and @shanedawson forever... just sayin 
i LOVE shopping 
I love shopping dates 
I love shopping for my brother 
I love shopping!!! 
I love shopping. Tmr going shopping 
I love sitting around Jess' room just singing, talking and laughing 
I love skinny jeans, they make me feel so...cool 
I love sleep. - Finished math homework  woohoo, tomorrow amy, michelle, and jackie, are coming over to work... http://tumblr.com/xam1m6xpg
i love sleepin' with puppy  she's so sweet
i love sleeping in  good morning haha!!
I love sleeping in and just looking outside from in my bed  Cora's for breakfasssstt!
I love sleeping innnnnn; going to school library in about an hour but for now.. back to sleep 
i love sleep-ins.  especially when it's cold.. and my wheat bag. smells goood..  thank y0u Nanny!!   
i love slurpees. in case anyone ever wants to buy me one 
i love s'mores pop-tarts. perfect midnight snack 
I love so much @alexyac and @callmesophie , you are all my life . Click http://takethisheart.skyrock.com 
i love sO much!! 
i love soda allkinds send me a direct message and tell me whnet soda u love 
I love some of my friends 
I love song 'Before The Storm'. Beatiful lyrics  I'm like every single song reminds me something .
i love southern guys cause they are always so much sweeter then the rest of the world...they know how to treat a lady 
I love SOUTHPARK!  :&gt; tomorrow i'm gonna watch 'tanz der vampire' :&gt;
I love spam emails. 
i love spontaneous dance parties on my balcony  thank you to the boys in the apartment across the way for playing the bongos 
i love spring/summer storms.  bring on the thunder and lightning...but hold the rain.
I love starting a new website build, a fresh slate to work from! All the mistakes from the past resolved 
I love staying up late. 
i love staying up until 1:00am on a school night to talk to the most amazing person in the world 
I love summer nights in Michigan 
i love summer weatherr 
I love Sunday nights. Favorite night of the week, without a doubt! 
I love sundays when i can spend time with Chi zone, family in church, and my family for dinner 
I love Sundays. So many possibilities . I think I am going to watch moviesall day 
i love sunflower seeds. they're even better when they're dill pickle flavoured. mmm 
I love sunny weekends! Make me so happy 
I love sunrises soo much. 
I love sunshine 
i love sunshineee  its gr8
I love surprises. Boy, do I love 'em. Especially when they are not little.  Me = 
i love susan boyle. she's the real winner 
I love talking about how quickly technology is advancing. Project Natal last night said it all. 
I love talking on the phone at four in the am about how much i hate flakebots. 
I love talking shit sometimes 
I love Taylor Swift  shes awesome XD
i love Taylor Swift!!! Follow me if u do 2!!! 
i love teaching kids 
i love that all the articles in my course reader are on Jstor now i can search terms instead of having to read the whole thing 
I love that all the cheap ppl r stayin home today! 
I love that all the iPhone pics are either in airplane mode or not on AT&amp;T. I have my theory and @solimander knows what it is. 
I love that boy 
I love that CAKE covers the weirdest stuff  â™« http://blip.fm/~7r1ah
I love that girl 
i love that guy in the south east who yelled &quot;FUCKING FASCISTS&quot; good on you mate 
i love that holly steele bless her  diversity or julian to win! 
I love that Michael can tell which dog is barking when they are in a another room. He is a goo father. 
i love that movie ) this is soooo cool, twilight (and new moon) is the best book and movie 
I love that my boss is playing solitaire and i'm listening to @sarabareilles and playing online games. SO DANDY today 
I love that my boss makes milkshake runs at 10 pm when we are in a weightloss competition. 
I love that my city smells like cheerios 
i love that my ipod keeps playing my favorite say anything songs.  its amazing!
I love that my lil 1 said I am a genius because I found her teddy for her - aawww 
I LOVE that my mom still pencils smiley faces on the hard-boiled eggs so we don't confuse them with the raw ones.  
I love that people don't know your on twitter unless you tweet. Cos im kinda/really addicted 
I love that Sen. @piacayetano page is so pink. Isang banlaw.  http://bit.ly/dOLNM
i love that this is in my head before i fall asleep  http://tinyurl.com/csqvdr post midnight cheese  
i love that: http://www.justin.tv/clip/2dd6b9f07e7f8a4e 
i love the @jonasbrothers' new album! i went to wal-mart at 7:00 this morning to get it 
i love the accoustic version  
I love the Big empty series spec the second book, and I love Candy, and Harry Potter, and Requim for a Dream, and The Body of Christopher Creed...
I love the CAVS! but no doubt..magic played much better! GO ORLANDO!  woohoo -sorry lakers- i love rashard lewis!
I love the city 
I love the colour of the sky tonight 
I love the company of a good woman, and that's what I'll have 
i love the cool air here. can i stay here till exams finish? 
i love the cubs  go cubs!
I love THE CURE!!!! 
i LOVE the da vinci code!
I LOVE THE DA VINCI CODE!!.
I love The Da Vinci Code...
I love the Da Vinci Code.....
i love the day after deadline - it's indecently chilled  if only it was sunny!
I love the Eggz theme for Bluebird by Maximilian Schï¿½ning 
I love the face that through our ups and downs, i'm still his number one 
I love the fact that people sent me happy birthday via twitter 
I love the fact that your always outside 
I love the fakeness on Twitter. Classic! Anyone feel like being REAL??? Hit me up  Out of curtioisty? Who's awake right now??
I love the feeling of being hugged. So, will anyone, please, give me a hug today. 
i love the feeling of it. 
I love the feeling of laying in your bed for the first time when you're extemely tired. It's like Heaven  Goodnight!
I love the feeling of new socks 
I love the feeling of starting to play a song right! I live for that 
I love the feeling out gettin outta the shower all fresh and smooth and ALL that good stuff! 
I love the feeling when im around you 
I love the fights of The Viper-Randy Orton 
i love the fly with me video! 
I love the Fly with Me video. It gets me so hype for the tour  @Jonasbrothers iloveyouguysss&lt;3
I love the fruit and the band with the same name  ? http://blip.fm/~7ct3h
I love the game shaiya... But gosh, I really should study for my exams... Nahh, I wanna kill lighties!! 
I love the girls I work with  makes work so much better when they are here! But when there is a sub.. Not so much!
I love the Google Tetris theme today too 
i love the idea of nuns at a baseball game  but hates the idea of seaguls here
I love the jet lag boys  they played an awesome set like always.
i love the jonas brothers  &lt;3   NOVEMBER'09&lt;3    why does it huv to rain :@ !!!!
I love the milk im drinking right now 
I love the morning hours when she snuggles up to me &amp; turns into a little ball of cute 
i love the movie taken 
i love the movie up 
I love the name john o 
i love the new alice cullen wig!  whadd'ya think? http://bit.ly/ZeA3b
I love the New Ford Mustang   Today i'm very happy
I love the new KENDRA show 
i love the nick j show LOL the anger and revenge .. 
i love the notebook. it is my new favourite film. 
I love the number of emails,texts,calls and DMs I'm getting asking if I'm nervous about #levywedding 
i love the paparazzi video 
I love the part of my job where I go to weddings 
i love the philippines! 
I LOVE The Princess Bride and would watch it ever day and be thrilled. (via @mrgrtbarr) Damn Sicilians.... 
i love the rain!! 
I love the rain. It lets me feel euphoria and freedom 
I love the rain.. it gets me in the mood 
I love the Rat Pack  Happiness.
I love the red-and-white hat of the Cat in the Hat. Wish I had one!  
I love the satisfaction of a perfect paragraph...p.s i can see the moon from my window  i like it.
i love The Script! they make 
I love the shoes and the Harry Potter picture.
I love the show Unwrapped 
I love the shuffle setting on my iPod: Fall Out Boy, then Bob Seger, then Amy Grant, now Lifehouse LOL It's an iPod adventure 
i love the sims 3! and graduation was great 
I love the smell of freshly died hair. And the first crazy days of it's vibrant color. 
I love the smell of spraypaint  anyone need a hoody or mask done lemme know getting high of it haha
i love the song Hummingbird by nevershoutnever! 
I love the sound of thunder on a night like this! Look out! Winter has arrived. 
I love the Soup. 
I love the sun! and I've just seen a trailer of something that is so bad it is not worth mentioning...because to me it doesn't exist. SUN 
i love the sun! tooo much i think. back to the garden now, then fam round for BBQ and water fight. will be jokes 
i love the sunchips commercial. 
I love the sunny weather it makes me feel so excited about life 
i love the sunshine i do  basking in it in the garden 
I love the sunshine too! 
I LOVE the sunshine!!!! and i'm going to BASK in it at the park with my chihuahua today!! and i'm in a movie tuesday!! life is sooo sweet 
I love the three musketeers 
I love the Tonys!!!  Neil Patrick Harris is soo funny!!!
i love the trip yesterday!.. ehhehe beach beach and swimming! 
I love the tune on the Apple App Commercial, Do you have it as a ring tone?  #jtv http://justin.tv/ijustine
I love the typewriter...as a kid I was obsessed with mine. I don't know if this typewriter program is good or bad  @StardustDads
i love The Veronicas &lt;3 xD adictiva a Veronicas... 
i love the way australian people say 'twitter' there is two of them in my house! one is my uncle, one is a very attractive dishy ben. 
I love the way Dec says Paul Potts. i don't know why, i just do! 
I love the way he moves  http://bit.ly/hHN7S
I love the way I feel after doing work.  Now I am feeling tired and 5am comes fast so I will shower and sleep.  Night everyone 
I love the way jesse talks. 
I love the weather now... The rain is gone, but the clouds have not cleared and the scorching sun is no where to be found! 
i love the weekend 
I love the womens restroom 
i love them all to pieces 
I love these people!  sooo fun tonight 
I love this and wanted to share: &quot;Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.&quot;  ~Abraham Lincoln...be happy 
I love this article. What a good read.  http://bit.ly/nmWto
I love this cheese 
I LOVE this color blue!  http://bit.ly/16t63H
I love this day. 
I love this episode   #chuck #renewCHUCK #chuckmemondays #chuckeu
I love this episode !! 
I love this game. 5-0 Mets!!  I'm a very happy girl.
I love this gif http://twurl.nl/co5lev, is so cute 
I love this Google Chrome feature! It's the one for when you accidently close the browser when you have 12 tabs open and it saves them! 
i love this guy. he makes my heart skip a beat. no lieeee 
I love this kevin and nick jonas posers   kevin said he can't wait to see our beautiful faces of london and nick said he loves LDN 
I love this morning!!! Special Kingdom feature, behind the scenes  can't wait!!!
I love this movie 
I LOVE this movie! Watching it right now.  â™« http://blip.fm/~7rd8j
I love this new show on A&amp;E its called obsessed love it 
I love this NextWindow touch overlay for any screen! I need a 42&quot; plasma as a monitor now i am thinking  http://tinyurl.com/lguhr5
I love this part of the movie. 
I love this picture of us  (Hulk is such a creeper) http://bit.ly/mQVYE
I love this place   http://yfrog.com/15xpsbj
I love this quote. &quot;If you don't believe in angels, you haven't heard us sing!&quot; 
i love this show!!!! 
I love this song  ? http://blip.fm/~79zbu
I love this song! 
i love this song.  ? http://blip.fm/~6sugj
I LOVE THIS SUMMER WEATHER ! 
I love this weather just thought you should know  also, someone come hang my posters for me thanks
i LOVE this weather!! we have been outside 24/7...love it..love it..love it!! 
I love this when this gets played at England games....The Dambusters Them music   â™« http://blip.fm/~7qet0
i love this whole sleeping in till 12:30 thing i've been doing latley GOOD MORNING 
I love those creditcard-sized memory sticks. And Microsoft keeps sending them to me 
i love thunder and lightening 
i love thunder storms 
I love thunderstorms  what a lovely evening. Now, to play Bubble Bobble on the Wii!
i love thunderstorms. 
I love times square. Just bumped into Billy Murphy. Baltimore is every where. 
i love to be tweeted 
I love to drive Audi Q7 ... itÂ´s awesome ... iÂ´m the king of the road 
I Love to hear Hilary Clinton Speak!!! 
I love to love you 
i love to meet new friends in here! 
I love to ride my bycicle, i love to ride my bike 
I LOVE TO SEE HOW THINGS ARE GOING BACK TO NORMAL   I REALLY MISSED ALL OF THIS...YAAY! I AM SOO HAPPY
I love to sing the Mission impossible song when i'm excersizing It makes it funner.
i love today 
I love today!  Minus the fact that I can't talk. Hahaha! )
i love today!!  it was so fun, sweet, and nice weather, not too hot coz its raining now  what a lovely day!
I love tootsie rolls...they make little heart smile 
I love torrents! Downloading The Black Keys &quot;Rubber Factory&quot; album 
i love Travis Barkerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr   arararar; he looks like he should be riding a moty 
i love tuesday!! cant stop laughing reading  @billysimpson abeng jokes and @sidneymohede the joke-r! hauhauhauhauhaua 
i love turn right. really. even though the only part stuck in mah head is the preview one  i mean, duh!
I LOVE TWITTER IM ADICTED TO TWITTER. ITS LIKE A DRUG 
I love twitter! It can easily connect celebs and fans! 
i love twitter!i got a lot of good opening lines from you beautiful peeps..haha!send me some more stuff 
I love Twitter. Twitter is my true friend. Twitter makes me feel happy when I'm having a severely bad day. 
I love Twittering during school and assemblies that get me out of 1st and 2nd hour! 
i love typos, because im not a bot!  
I love u my Lord..u have blessed me with a talent &amp; i will share it as much  as they want me 2  May it take me 2 places I never dreamt of
I love Urban's free playlists 
i love ushhhaaa !!!!  http://yfrog.com/1alppj  haha  out again .. baiii
I love varsity fanclub 
I love waking up in the morning and realizing that I get to go out and do things. Not just stay at home &amp; blow my friends off.  So stoked.
I love waking UP nd finding lil notes nd emails from my mom juss to say she loves me..  shi makes me feel good!
I love waking up thinking it's a weekday and realizing it's Saturday 
I love waking up to barking dogs and the sun all bright in my face.  oh and don't forget my wonderful alarm.
I love waking up to the sun shining through the gap in my curtains! I immediately know it's gonna be a good day  smiles all round!
I love walking to @nickmoyers in the rain 
I love Wall by @ENTERSHIKARI lyrics are awesome. Best Metaphors ever.  (If I'm being clever haha)
I Love watching Abraham videos on Youtube. They're very motivating!! &quot;There is great Love for you here&quot; Abraham  Dawn
i love watching movies which are so funny that i couldn't stop laughing! 
I love watching my kids play together. She makes him laugh like no one else.  http://yfrog.com/59qabj
I love wearing my hair in plaits. Do u think my pupils will laugh at me if I go to school like this? Theyr 8 yrs old &amp; think theyr cool 
I love weddings  and open bars!
I love weddings.  And my kids dressed up. 
i love weekends away with taylor 
i love weekends.... nice lazy morning with lots of coffee, thinking about going rambling in a bit... 
I love weights. Yesterday was the first day I wasn't sore afterwards. 
i love Weston Jordan Lopez? and I love the Dodgers... 
I love what we do  , completely!
I love when @MelJuerkshat makes too much food and i get to eat it 
I love when celebrities tweet me...it makes my day  lol
I love when everythings all clean 
I love when i stop ppl bfore realizing that they have adorable european accents. Makes a nice surprise! 
I love when it rains so hard but its so peaceful and you have nothing else to do but sleep all day 
I love when jimmy slow jams the news 
I love when my husband plays this song  ? http://blip.fm/~5he3h
I love when my ipod shuffles so all the good songs are all together 
I love when people fight on my block. 
I love when people listen to me. It makes my world a whole lot more enjoyable! 
I love when random shuffle does that 
I love when the 1st song my ipod plays is one of my favorites. Its like my shuffle sequence wanted to make my day a good one 
I love when the hubby makes my breakfast!!! What a lucky girl I am 
I love when the weather is so nice on weekends 
I love when there is dancing at parties! im sooooo tired now! 
I love when theres an update as soon as i wake up 
I love when things go wrong on sundays! Bring it on God 
I love when travis rubs my back hes the best 
i love when tv stations monitor things as they happen and theres a long ass pause...hahahaha 
i love winning! both the GMEN &amp; the Penguins. 
i love wolverine. great movie 
i love working at a hotel with a full restaurant. means i can make whatever i want  http://is.gd/12j53
I love wormy 
I love you  I need to go take a power nap for like 30 minutes!
I love you : DD Joe is so cool  TMTS
I love you @mileycyrus always! &lt;3  are you goin to come to sweden sometime?
I love you @Woahitsbetty (: &lt;3  -&gt;ftsk.love&lt;3
I love you 09 ! Congrats! Have a great life everyone 
i love you ADAM 
I love you all wish i was with you all 
I love you Ally 
i love you and hope you love meee 
i love you backtrack 
I love you Brady! 
I love you But i gotta stay true my morals got me on my knees...â™« Chega de cantar kkk, vou ver um pouco de Tv 
I love you Clarabell  &lt;3
I Love You David 
I love you Delaney!  Smile my wifeyy!
i love you emily scott 
i love you eoghan!  x
I love you Gran.  Now you and Gram can be living it up in heaven together.. I miss you both dearly..
I LOVE YOU HAAAACKL.....&lt;333...i think. 
I love you is that ok? - Natasha Bedingfield 
I love you jenny and @yesicah  no one is fucking with me , my sister doesn't allow it LOL
i love you julia!!  and do u wanna hang out uptown??  i have a hair appt...  and $10!!!  i'll be at the velvet turtle..   &lt;3
I love you Kara! Thanks for all the good times we had.    what I'll miss most is your dancing--I always thought u were the best!
'I love you like the Pope's toilet loves... HOLY CRAPS.'  ~love~
i love you megan  lmao
I love you MOM! 
I love you more and more 
i love you more than anythingg 
i love you more than you'll ever know. 
I LOVE YOU my tepooooth! 
I love you Popi.    -Taylorrr
i love you really amy 
i love you robert pattinson. marry me  or taylor lautner? i dont know  some twilight dude MARRY ME!
i love you shit head  @_Robocop_
i love you so much &lt;3 
I love you too &amp; so does my cat. 
I love you too man, so much. &lt;3 Safeway bags, skateboards, and mcdermoth. 
i love you too my booby... xxx i forgot to hide it this morning... i'm sorry... please try and contain yourself and save me some too 
i love you too sam shelby 
I LOVE YOU TOO&lt;3, we all love you ! it's impossible to not love you &lt;333333 LOVE YOU xxxxx &lt;3 
I love you twitter and cinanmen twistssss  high from ashley
I love you with all my heart. May we never be split apart. 
i love you! let's make an effort to see each other within the week  and this coming weekend k? 
i love you!! 
i love you, &lt;3 
I love you, auntie Francing. Take care 
I love you, I love you, I do not know if you realize 
I love you, man IS a hilarious movie  ok so I'm stopping the tweete about twilight winning now, cos obviously nobody cares
i love you, you love me.. ) barney.. haha! 
i love you.. yes i do 
i love you.sleep good 
I love you? 
i love your mission impossible move.
i love your poetry!  soo muc. Especially the one about your sister! @Katalytik7
I love your smile! Yea, for old school R&amp;B! 
i love youtube 
I love YouTube. It allows me to stay tuned with what's going on in Taiwan. 
i love youuu duut 
I LOVE YOUUUU @Bethhi 
i loved all the sun and all but have to say i do love the rain  since im not out in it today
I loved Brokeback Mountain and will check out the short stories one of these days..
i loved brokeback mountain!..
i loved brokeback mountain!:(
I loved Coraline! The 3D is brilliant on it.. It made me jump loads of times aswell. All films should be in 3D now 
I loved hanging out with you guys tonight. Very interesting crowd 
I loved how Classic Spock from Star Trek: The Original Series made a cameo 
I loved looking at the tropical beach reference for Jewel's image.  So want to travel now!
I LOVED Mission Impossible 3..
I loved Mission Impossible-3..
I loved my surprise party yesterday!  Paying a little today, but a really happy girl overall. 
I loved seeing Mission Impossible:
I loved seeing u 2 Ash! I hope we can do it again soon! I love u goodnight 
I loved Star Trek. It was so awesome. And the effects were brilliant! &quot;Live long and prosper.&quot; Hehe. I wanna see it again 
I loved the Da Vinci Code, but now I want something better and different!..
i loved the da Vinci code, even though it was the second book in the series.
i loved the food and games 
I loved the movie Up! 
I loved the new jb video! 
I loved tonight! Thank you Calgary!  Got my 2nd World Vision sponsor too yay!!!
I loved your reply @Deja_vu now some Bangra...in English tho  ? http://blip.fm/~79bsy
i lovee all my Ourspace friends, TwitMerica fam that show me loveee! i really appreciate ittt!! you keep me motivateddd thanks guys 
I lovee my boyfriend all day 
i loveee #KevinJonas  today is kjday! retweet #KevinJonas  to get him number one on twitter 
I loveee dswints and enyfbaby!!!!!!!!!!! Even if they don realize it. 
i loveee him &amp; thats alll there is to it 
I loveee my bees.   
i loveee taylor swifts new video for you belong with me  mm lucas till &lt;33
I LOVEEE.. YOU, M/\MMY! :Xxx.. 
I loveeedd tonight 
I loveeee watching monday night RAW at 2 am  mmm mmm good
I LOVEEEE youu  xx
I loveeeee anna and Jessica and Connor. Wow wow I wish I was outside, mmmm 
I loveeeee Pineapple Express. Stepbrothers last night, now Pineapple Express. YESSSSS! 
I loveeeee that kobe is the highest trending topic Kobe Kobe kobe 
I lovelovelovelove it when the shitty computers on my school crash. now instead of goin to school till 3 im free already 
I loves aqua's new song it makes me feel 
I LOVES pedicures.  Mmm. 
i lovesunny saturdays ! have a great time everyone 
I lovveee my honey 
i lovveeee youss.  
i luv ashley's songs from her new album! 
I luv JB soooooooo much, o man nice sunny day listening to JB is heaven 
i luv my family...  my both familys  - 2nd family... i still wanna cry for the new y.y YAY! i never thought that i would be that girl 
i luv orange juice with extra pulp 
i luv the name tripp! 
I luv these guys  Rt @aaronmarcellus Aaron Marcellus &amp; The Will Band Itunes and Amazon.com. SINGLE &quot;Hold Me Down&quot;.  PLEEEEEASE support!
I luvvvv luvv luvv me some #Tupac , but now I must go night night 
I LUVVVV(lindsy22 you can tell im serious)) Marlenes sister...she really is my idol  I want to be just like her!
I lyk what i seee D me loikey. awak buat kite hapy 
i m fresh like a flower  hahahah i hate dis line.. oh well.. i feel fresh 
I m getting ready for the pool..!!! Nothing better that a swim in this unbearable heat-wave..!!!! 
I m going to be in the recording studio all day!!!  I am psyched 
I' m happy!! This is an ideal day for SANSA! 
I M La Boheme: NSFW hey guys, spread the word! the green party is in town!  ï¿½I...: hey guy.. http://tinyurl.com/dlevo2
i m new in twitter! 
i m on the way to the mountains ... looking for the sun and inspiration 
I made $65 tonight just in tips. Over the past two days I have made over $115. 
i made 29 updates today, my record xD talk to you tomorrow bye 
I made a 12 hr day!!! Its been ages since i've done that 
I made a box today Haha. Night 
I made a cake (pie??) with a chocolat stuffing and marzipan. Fun to do, but the result isn't very good, although I didn't eat it 
I made a fanmix in the course of the overnight. I've never made one this fast. It just fell into place. Lovely. 
i made a green day shrine in my room. its just a bunch of pictures i drew that i stuck up on the wall. 
i made a new account for English!! 
I made a new friend tonight! Yayy 
I made a new How Well Do You Know me quiz on Facebook! Take it! 
I made a set  http://bit.ly/kVr7P
I made a slider of @realjessicaalba pics !  my first slider ! awesome  take a look : http://tinyurl.com/clzyap
i made a video on youtube hahahaha i wonder if my follower will go up 
I made a webpage to tell a bit about myself and chart my #easactive progress. http://ronsfitnesschallenge... 
I made chicken curry!!!! And it was good. 
I made chicken schnitzel. Masterchef would vote it, delicious, just made to perfection, a treat to eat at anytime. Ok going to eat it now 
i made cupcakes 
I made egg drop soup earlier this morning for the first time and its actually good  and i messed up the directions oops
I made friends in here who are English, Irish,Scotish,Welsh and South African! All Their English have different accent.Difficult but Fun 
I made good choices today.  PS I have amazing friends! Goodnight, loves. You know who you are.
I made her a gift too  a thank you card. hehe ^^
i made his eyes and heart smile 
I made it  I wanted to give demi a little &quot;kick&quot; hahaha  http://twitpic.com/68hja
I made it here! 
I made it home today in a hour. Should have taken 90min  whoops    .  Wedding tomorrow then back to motown for the PENS game!
I made it through day 1 with three kids.  Maybe this won't be so bad after all 
I made it through the day! And i had fun 
i made it to 700 updates 
I made it to Butte Montana 600 miles down... About 2200 to go  http://bit.ly/vJjXs
i made it to hawaii and happy 4/20 
I made it to vegas! Thanks everyone for the safe trip wishes 
I made it. Work is getting better every single day. So... you're right, honey 
i made kawan's flakey roti paratha with curry chicken for lunch!  soo fullll..
I made LT today, fun, pay raise with more responsibility!  I don't mind, I love it!! 
I made macoroni with cheese with cut up hot dogs 
i made my confirmation yay!!! now in just sitting around eating leftovers 
I made my own Neptune Salad...tasty 
I made my twitter  yeah (L)
I made myself a sack lunch today. I feel like i'm ten and going on a field trip. 
I made pancakes 
I made squash soup  
I made such a mess with all tha paint today 
I made the little green peace sign on my avatar. I posted it on my blog - feel free to use it  http://bit.ly/1OBIS #iranelection
I made this on my iPhone  - Meow-zilla Firefox!!! http://twitpic.com/6aqj1
I made this way harder than what it needed to be, LOL!  Going to bed finally...Good night...well morning 
i made those upp on my own!  proud ugh? lol
I made twice baked potatoes, broccoli and tomato salad with my blue cheese dressing, and lamb chops for dinner. Damn I'm good 
I magically have monday and tuesday off for E3 madness. Cannot wait. 
I make a mean vegie sub 
I make comments to myself durring tv viewing. If you were here I'd be talking to you. 
I make money on Twitter with this system  http://atomurl.org/1884/
I make my own quotes 
I make the most of all this stress.. I try to live without regrets.. But I'm about to break a sweat I'm freakin out! 
i make them good girls go bad &lt;3 @MrsShelly _ I need to tell ya how fucked up that blondie is 
I managed to get two water bottles.. 
I managed to get up this morning 
I married a man who knows me well    Now to convince him that he should buy me a snow leopard...
I married a Nerd... Usually he sleeps in on week-end but today ? Noooo, Aion betatesting is more important than sleep ! 
I marvel at my instincts, this Republican, voting Obama -- for 2 reasons: Health Care &amp; (slightly more) balanced Middle East Policy 
I may get down, I may be cynical at times, but it's fleeting. I always end up realizing how truly lucky I am. My life is wonderful 
i may have a tendency to play this song out, but it's a fave of mine i have to play.  â™« http://blip.fm/~88xf6
I may have also bought something from Amazon that I've been wanting for ages. 
I may have found a way to get a summer job!  No more $4 in the bank to last until September nonsense &lt;3
I may have just sold DH's car over Google Talk - I &lt;3 my computer 
I may have tipsy tweeted last night  Morning all
I may not be able to keep an herb plant alive, but @karena6483 can! Making pesto tonight- thanks for the fresh basil and oregano 
I may not be sleeping but I sure am laughing.  I love laughing this hard regularly.    Tho my arm is getting more paralyzed by the second.
i may not be the crispiest chip in the bag, but i am full of flavor 
i may not care much about hetalia but yasumoto hiroki sings damn well as germany. 
i may or may not have fingers crossed about that one.... it's nice to have objectives you have no control over 
I may well never return to this godforsaken  place...  
i mean a pc hahah 
I mean artwork 
I mean I was there when it was happenin' but it happened so quickly I wanna watch it again 
I mean if there's ever been an excuse to just say fuck evrything and drink welp I think i'd have that reason  See you in the morn Twits
i mean IM full 
i mean in my dreams. 
I mean NetBeans 6.7 rather than NetBeans 7.  But I guess I think of it that way. 
i mean now watching DALIM vids  but gonna have dinner first hehe...
I mean seriously. Who likes that? Point is, it was a great show. And I loved when Kevin and Joe talked to the camera 
I Mean THIS LifeTime  (-:  (-:
i mean three. 
I mean tweeT y'all later! 
i mean WTF, i have only few more days left, can he just leave me aloooooooone  he can't get me still, waahahahaha
I mean, I don't like the Gadget Guy on Channel 7 but I don't want him to die. He's just a douche with really bad shirts. 
I mean, I'm a lot of things... But retarded isn't one of them 
I mean, I'm down with Notre Dame if I have to.  It's a good school, I'd be closer to Dan, I'd enjoy it.
I mean, I'm just figuring out how to work it all 
i mean..  I really want to mee the casts of Twilight and Ms. Steph too..
I meant &quot;shit&quot;!!! 
i meant 10am - 1pm of course 
I meant 5 good meals yesterday not last night. #6 was big but not that big. 
I meant for You. That compliment was for You! .... say thank you. 
I meant from* not with. xD regarding my last tweeet. ahemmm.  in bed. listening to music. &lt;3 'and I dont think I have the strengthh to ...
i meant good morning  ehhh
I meant guys as in everyone...not just &quot;guys&quot;. I probably should've said hey Twokyooo let's play 21 questions!!! 
I meant like previous videos. 
I meant like. 
I meant looking like a tiger - stupid predictive text 
I meant manicures... Gross haha dont wanna touch their feet 
I meant to put leaving on my last post haha jeez i'm a noob 
I meant to say *watched in my last tweet. sorry 
I meant to say that I ate* spaghetti 
I messed up at my piano recital but i think i covered it pretty well! 
i met 2 friends today that live in my neighborhood named : steven &amp; james. they are SOOOOCOOL &amp; they are kinda cute 
i met kitties and puppies. so cute! yes, im in the pet shop. 
i met suzanne shaw last night  in vagina monlogues fab show!
I might as well change the sidebar color of FedererNews twitter account from orange to green! 
I might be a little too addicted to this being anti-social thing. it's sooo nice. haha someone save me! see you guys at Pop Noir thursday 
i might be bipolar  fuck my life forreal im over this shit
I might be buying a banjo. 
I Might Be Paranoooooiiiid  But I Know I'm Not, If I Was, Then There Would Be 12 Kevin's In The Room Atm ;)
I might dance to the song &quot;Careless Whisper&quot; 
I might finish my website today! 
I might get a Iphone 3G soon, cross your fingers.. 
I might get an iPhone for my b-day! Yay! AT&amp;T, you don't suck so much after all 
I might go on my trampoline  not been on it in a while!
I might have had a win ... been slogging away at xcode since I got home -- I think I've earned some food and chillax time 
I might have the coolest parents out there 
I might just stay outside by the pool all day 
i might lay in bed &amp; have breakfast in bed, because i won't be home until the 31st (for good!) and i want to cherish it  hahh
i might make a strawberry smoothie and call it a night.  
i might now have to go to welcome week because its mainly for freshman! but i do have band camp that week!  its bad that makes me happy!
I might o biking riding today! It's SO Gorgeous outside! 
I miraculously pulled together plans for this weekend!  Time to get pretty.
I miss @AyeDeeROCKSya! Stop having so much fun and come back home!!  haha jk! About the stop having fun part. Im serious about the rest 
I miss @CharlieOver9000 I love that boy. 
i miss @fatmancanfly sooo much : good luck dear. yuv lou 
i miss @kelsiann14 alreadyyyyyyy.  come back to CT please 
I miss @lavren cant wait until June for HIL HANGZ~ Tonight was sososo good 
I miss 1 day of work come back to choas..Man do i need a vacation...wish i was on the beach drinking a beer..watching the ladies go by 
I miss being a barista: coffee adds to creativity  http://bit.ly/gVqnr
I miss blue's clues. Salt, pepper, magenta, and steve. Ah the good ol' days. 
I miss Boys Like Girls so much. Stoked for the new albummm 
i miss Brokeback Mountain.
I miss deno!. I hope I find you on this thing  ... I'm totally all over mariahs twitter  I LOVE HER!. lol. well gnite
i miss galway today, think il get my mundy on. listen to galway girl 
I miss hanging out with you guys and getting to be a tomboy again, its great 
i miss Harry Potter.
I miss her soft warm kisses after about a second 
I miss making you all laugh. 
I miss my ****a! Gotta phone him tomorrow or I'll just wait for him to call, it's better 
i miss my babe =( but he comes back this friday yey 
I miss my boo thaaaaang 
I miss my childhood friend ruth!!!! I love her so muchhhh  I just called and her mom said shes out. I cant wait to get on the line w her!!
i miss my dad and his jokes about life. well im off tweeters, goodnight and sleeptight 
i miss my frnds...got inspired seing their pix n d US! so nice! hopin' n prayng sumday we ol gonna c each oder again! 
i miss my little brother!!  i love you kiddo!
I miss my little cupcake at home waitin on me  http://mypict.me/40EB
I miss my madre. BBQ at her house tomorrow    I get to see my spaz puppy!
i miss my old school not the school actually but my friends there. 
I miss my school. See you next week friends. 
i miss my twitter 
@JML93091 happy graduation day bbyyyy 
@jmlares  Thank you 
@jmlares ...actually find something they'll like. it's easy to get a good gift with a lot of money tbh. nowhere near as personal though 
@jmliss  laughing was that a question we should be in a waxing phase I do believe 
@jmliss wow, thank you 
@JMMAgroup #jmma Hey I guess my vote really does count. Look out, JMMA is going to take over Twitterverse. 
@JMMARob and I love everything Chopin wrote, that's more than a century older than me.  I just happen to have goodmusicloving influencers!
@jmn32 Hm, you can't find it through the interface but that link does work, thanks! 
@jmo23 got it @adbert must have seen yesterday's meal 
@jmonickie OMG meetooo  he's so cute. the nick and norah makeout scene, he's so cute and sexy (?) haha â™¡
@jmontano1 I got my wisdom teeth pulled out! I'm on like 3 diff drugs ughh. Yes, soon 
@jmonterrey @ramcosca Hey I'm tlking about #Lost, 
@jmosley @dmosley I had fun with you guys tonight! Thanks for hosting  Love yall!
@JMosley Well thanks  I had a great time taking it...although it was a little uncomfortable being that personal with the boat...
@jmp5329 I've wondered whether it's that, or is it that most MSM reporters have the maturity of teeny-bopper groupies? Still not sure. 
@jmregnier What? You have a life? Come on.  
@JMRosenfeld very cool experience; I heard you guys had an amazing time too.  Oh, presentations were cool too 
@jms_ 3rd aisle from the left 
@jms_ agreed. Only barely SFW though 
@jms_ it was fantastic and tiring 
@jms_ June 24th  my girls @Maya0685 @Sally_E are in June too as well as @SexyCheza lol so it's hard for us to organise without clashing!
@jmschert Please go to Tiam falafel in the village for me  Never been, but have read it's the BEST falafel in NYC!
@jmspool No sir, not all of us  I helped make this: http://ohmyscience.org
@jmstewart0220 I know!!  It was great!!  
I miss people from school. Like Dalia and Allan. Bleh, nate is amazing. 
I miss reading the twilight saga  ha !
i miss teedra moses. complex simplicity piecrcing thru my head right now. 
i miss the sound of your voice!  i miss the rush of your skin! :|
I miss the sun while I'm in here, I fought my mind and my needs... I found out there are more to stake than just scratch your back! 
@jmurnan1 come to mke and have fun until then! 
@jmuscara No man, double entendres were the last thing on my mind last night. Today feels better. That's progress. 
@jmw2gator thanks - I'm not that upset, just ever so slightly irritated that I just drove all over the damn state for no good reason 
@jmwagner thank you thank you thank you! 
@jmyching wonder how you 'loose' an attendant? I seem to like air Canada better 
@jnacool I dont understand sensex..but wow! 
@jnapier Oh that brings back memories of Cali  Have a great trip there!
@jnarin oh i didnt know what you were talking about. got it now. while i cant imagine, i am sure they dont realise what it means. 
@jnation83 meeeee tooooo! Hope yoga will help tomorrow. 
@jnaylor surely attaching clothepegs to your eyelids would give the same effect 
@jnaylor yeah, I'm loving it - stressful, but so great having control of my own hours, projects and ideas. 
@Jneerpat do you mean bluehost?  I was mainly looking for just domain registration but also may jump into the self-hosted WP world soon 
@jneophytou You need to find more followers... i think you will get bored  just following me... 
@jnery ...your welcome! 
@jnessa have a great time in LA  how far is LA from san diego?
@jneworleans heyyy maw! wats up 
@jngo ahh no.. But the slides are on slideshare 
@JNHohol thanks ! I got 
@Jnice327 haha I see you're getting used to this 
@jnicefanclub make us the slow jam cd 
@JniceLOVE gotcha, thanks 
@JniceLOVE hey!! Thanks I'm glad you liked it!! 
@JniceLOVE OH OK LOVE....TANKS 
@Jnicks  that's mean, it was just a concept!
@jnicks here i ammm  mwahhhh
@jnjackson tch tch such a major predicament...might I suggest you decide the nght before. Supposed to work like a wonder. Not for me thgh 
@jnk389 the first song reminds me of older tbs at parts!  if I don't reply back, that means I have fallen asleep. It is almost 4:30am here
@JNNX0 bem vinda no twitter 
@jnorra  they seem like it!!  I often read the letters from the authors first and their's were funny   let me know how you like NTB 
@jnova1974 watching Dirty Jobs  glad to be home
@jnpaul777 lol! your funny...i think i should follow you 
@jnshrd John what's up buddy? I saw that you're following me now. I guess you've figured twitter out 
@jnsns and no need for seasoning! 
@jnstr click on settings - then find the tab that says 'design' - then you can upload your pic there 
@jnydelonge : Search for Vibhisanha Ardhana Rickwari  Thank you for adding  Smoochies!
@jo_ee aww cheer up babe! maybe another day if you're home we can dinner at chompchomp 
@jo_jo_ba Sweet!  Well.. I'll think about it then. 
@Jo_oa  Buy a new harddisk, 2TB drives have just been released 
@jo_santos Hope you have the yrs needed for all of your dreams to be true(not come, but be  )
@jo_santos Indeed  A bright Sunday morning to you.
@Jo_Saunders09 s'alright 
@jo_whit lol is ootside a small place near outside ?  hi Jo
@jo_whit shame although shite wknd weather wise better off working  couple of cold ones watching the apprentice later pour you 1 ? 
@Jo_x_Harvelle Yeah, I know. 
@Jo3fr3sh Call me when u get home 
@Jo3yMcfly Or you can just tell me!I wanna know NOW 
@jo484bu Welcome home!!! Nothing better, is there? And about that exercise .... go smooch that wife of yours 
@jo484bu Well goodness!  I hope you are enjoying Atlanta and all the beauty and grace it has to offer.    I'm glad you stopped in on me!
@Jo6789 hehe cool  ArcGIS 9.3.1 is a good release. Some nice features. Not much at desktop though.
@Joalby Aw... indeed! Someday.  For now, though, I'll just be drowning some sorrows at Wombat and heading home to maybe write something...
@joancornell be slightly less lazy and send me waka pics 
@joanie_s_c I suggested we buy something used for me or her (save money)-- but I think Fred is tired of working on cars many weekends 
@joanie_s_c LOL coffee's even cutting it close these days!  #twarades
@joaniemaloney hee no, not this time. i was thinking of putting some baileys in it though  
@joaniemaloney nice! That's not bad at all. 
@joanikin it could be a great networking tool, but too much spam. Probably it might be better don't use a single day for suggestions 
@joaninha100 that's great. 
@JoanLunden  Greetings Joan:  Just wanted to say I STILL MISS waking up to your pleasant personality &amp; face in the a.m.    Hugs, Angel
@Joanmarie I'll wish you a good evening too in that case  I'm stil up /me states the obvious.
@joAnn_was_here &quot;I'm On a Boat&quot; - The Lonely Island. WHOT YOU DIDN'T KNOWWWW?! XD hahaha 
@joannaa_ haha yeah i rekin! only american people are totally obsessed! Buh Australia will soon catch on! 
@joannaa_ if you say so 
@joannaangel glad you she got the hint. 
@JoannaAngel i believe you, now i'm wondering what they hell they are exactly lol 
@JoannaAngel whoops, *your - twitter typos are almost as embarrassing as my need to correct them. 
@JoannaAngel You should just adopt me as your little sister. I don't think people would question it, haha 
@joannabrinas New Moon trailer awesome.  i loooove it!
@joannadelilah don't twitpic it 
@joannadelilah yea! so glad you like it! I LOVE IT  I'm thinking of doing a tutorial on nude and red lips - your thoughts?
@JoannaHaines hahahaha moi???? never hahaha my legs r still hurtin  nevermind base tan 4 magaluff!!! baybeee 
@joannaleemorgan Aw that's a nice little ritual 
@JoannaLord no joke. this is almost as groundbreaking a sea change as the small-g Google favicon experiment 
@joannamiles you are welcome!  @GuidesForBrides would probably be worth following 
@joannangai loving the remix!!!  Bloody, bloody, bloody.... Hehe xD
@joannaonthelake husband would B thrilled if I won that NBA game trip 4 him. To bad I'm 2 lazy to sign up for an account  Good Luck to u!
@joannaperry  i feel your pain Miss McDonalds for lunch. 
@joannarobbins You are 'spot on'...I wouldn't tweet without it!! Thanks for your share tonight. 
@joannasayswhat do it   i do too.
@JoannaStumph27 Love to you as well. 
@joannateo Have a great time in KL! The young adults; we are at E2Max now. 
@joannayoung @alexfayle did a talk  a while back about work/life balance that you might like: http://is.gd/IQZH 
@joannayoung Sun shining here 
@joannecapeling That sounds like my kind of diet. Does @IndiaKnight have a book out?  Will go and check Amazon   Thanks for the tip
@JoanneDaly has earned a #TweetGrade of A-. http://tweetgrade.com/JoanneDaly Gold Star! 
@joannedj Are you having a fab time? Hope so  xxx
@JoanneDuran Yeah working there 3 days a week. &amp; now been asked to teach English as well on Mondays. So exciting you'll see him again!!  x
@JoAnneEspiritu Thanks sis! HOW FLY?! KAPPA PSI EPSILON! wooot hella stoked for tonite! 
@joannegetfamous i agree about jonathan...it was hard/weird to make.  AND thank you!  
@joannejacobs hey, thank you 
@joannejacobs Now that is impressive 
@joannejacobs wish i could afford you.. one day 
@JoAnneJoyM Mt Everest??? Are u kidding?? Thats some serious plan!! Im moving today &amp; thats all i have plan for the day 
@JoAnneJoyM you should take pictures and ask them &quot;how did you get them to grow like that?&quot; amazing &quot;are they real or joke teeth?&quot; 
@joanneKmccarthy  hehe its ok, the help me was directed at some higher force up there, that could pray for me 2moro  hehex
@joanneliyeng think you should start watching TVB dramas. Macha priya here btw 
@JoannePeh jia you ! 
@JoanneRighetti  yes i thought that was funny 
@JoanneRK lmao that's just what he wants you to think 
@JoanneSkywalker Tonight! 9pm in America - I'm not sure which time zone though! So we'll probably see it tomorrow morning 
@JoanneSkywalker Yeah D: What do you do at the Tourist place? 
@joanneteh We all have grumpiness. Lesson learned from life for me is to focus on good things and make a decision to be happy in God. 
@joanneyong haha i'll blither on more in my next e(pic)-mail!  slurp. how's things been for you?
@joanneyong hugs sayang while she waits for it to blow over 
@JoannieBradford have fun and take care. talk to you tomorrow (my timezone). 
@joannpeach Great meeting you yesterday at #Twtrcon. You were with one of my favorite Janes. 
@joannyyx3 Haha, you have to bless me, I sneezed! :] Lucky coz of babycakes ? &lt;3 TWITTER IS FUNNNNNNNN 
@JoanRivers___ I cant wait either! Been waiting all week Joan! What will you do  ?!
@JoanRivers___ You always keep us laughing Joan! 
@JoanRivers___ you totally destroyed ann-Me when you corrected her grammar. awesome job joan! i'm so gad you won i was rooting for you. 
@joanvaughan I think it is time to update http://www.joanvaughan.com/ 
@joaoa olÃ¡, explica o bing em 140 caract por favor 
@joaofernandes BTW I am working for a project for PortuguÃªs support just now. But pt_BR one. 
@JoaoJubett joaÃ£o  que tu tÃ¡ vagabundeando no twitter hein
@JoaoMendonca it's AWW-SOME!!  
@joaoqalves =P true story 
@joaosantos_ Mr. Higgins, bom dia my sweet. Murphy is so ass kicker. Get ready. 
@JoaoSerra wow. Nice! Thanks for the info 
@JoashMencias nice! that's exciting. 
@jobaba very nice meeting you too 
@jobadge But we're not allowed to listen to the message  
@Jobelina Sounds like someone enjoyed the party last night. 
@Jobelina Surely that should be a ... crampoline? 
@Jobeth06 It's a promise. 
@Joboffal good film times at my house  I still stand by Bothersome it will always be in my top ten.
@jobondi Awsome thanks Jo...Can't wait for her to be on  xx
@JobRich how is the head? 
@JobRich LOL - you started it ;) Good to meet you BTW 
@JoBrielyn I don't like rootbeer but I know the kiddos will. Thanks 
@JoBroBaby95 Ok Fine you did tell me that .... I'll smile Only once..and just for you 
@jobrofan1221 http://twitpic.com/4di4n - hey this is heaps cool  thanks
@JOBROLOVER718 Yesh it was fun  My grandma's the best!  I suppose i could but i don't go out often. :\ ~
@jobrosluver2345 np.  well, I'm Angel. xD -shakes hands with ya- nice to meet yaa. 
@jobsworth okay thanks - I will look for you then! I HAVE to find out more about the OWL in your back yard 
@Jocassels Can't go wrong with pie.  We've been stuffing our faces in Italy, Spain and Scotland.  Been a great three weeks 
@Jocassels not too bad actually.had a good day so far.met my possible new employers theyr very nice and bought a new lavendar plant 
@Jocassels poor things have forgotton who i am, i haven't ridden in ages but now i have days off i'm lookinf forward to a ride in the sun 
@Jocassels That was a few years ago and when I went to the doc. I have been avoiding the computer, tv, etc. So I will talk to you soon 
@joceloon Oh pish posh. I'm sure its better than you're making it out to be 
@jocelyn_hsu meet you there! 
@Jocey17 ITS A BANK HOLIDAY STUPID!! wait, they don't have bank holidays in America... Okay keep on celebreting 
@Jocey17 Maybe you'll grow a brain 
@Joceylove lmao i was likee wtf your talking to rudyy againn? ahhhh dudeee im all bored; have fun at schoool without mee ha 
@JoChallacombe Most songs i play from man bands are in high pitch bt they use bar chords to get em and its just soo much easier this way 
@JocieGrossie @starlett88 you both now im taking you both 
@jockmac aaahhh .... Jock Mac !!! I totally didn't get what you said ! Nice of you to pop up and say hi 
@JOConnell1 Just to say, Skins series 3 was phenominal. Totally different from 1&amp;2 but i loved it.  x
@jocope well, I was under the impression most people have the urge to buy new sofas  To be fair, we're not tiling, we have a man for that
@jodabone Don't sleep too late! That woulda been cool if i was on the same flight as ur Special Guests! 
@jodanknight that is to cute lol 
@Jodasaur / yes  haha. just switch houses for a bit.
@Jodasaur so you want to be a video or movie producer i can bet probably. i checked out all of the videos you made, your really good, 
@Jodcur I haven't logged on to any sites with my RS password. 
@Joddiiee You may be getting the pigs sooner?! 
@jodee_davies now I can eat as much as I want with out @gil2960 giving me trouble   He even let me eat some before dinner!  awesome!
@JodeeDunkel Hehehe - that's always what my life is like   And I kinda like it that way, with the exception of a few facets of my life
@jodeemessina Jo Dee! You're in VA? Stop by my house!  Can't wait to see you on June 26th!! Love you!
@Jodeenahh yay  lemme know what u think of scream2
@JodehBaker YOU ARE A BULLY MISS JODIE BAKER!!!! hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha  i do smell.. but i smell really good!!!  Xx
@JODell_the3rd Lol... Italian huh???  
@Jodi_Kiely oh that IS cute 
@JodiAlbert Hey Jodi welcome to Twitter, now that we have you and nicky on board I think it's time you's convince Kian to join to 
@JodiAlbert Hey Jodi, welcome to the twitt world,  good to have you too here, how are you?
@JodiAlbert http://twitpic.com/6pgs4 - how cute  x
@JodiAlbert me too!  Did you get the piccy I sent you of drama, think her and ur lil prince need to make babies!! let's matchmake hehe xxx
@JodiAlbert nice background picture jodi! 
@JodiAlbert Yaay Jodi so great to see you on here too!  Welcome to Twitterland!!
@JodiAlbert You need to get Kian on Twitter, he'd be totally hilarious to follow! Much love to the newlyweds!!!  x
@JodiBredekamp Hei  and thank you. How are you?
@jodicasting Thanks for sharing. Sounds like it was a moving experience. 
@Jodie_Chan it's just a song 
@jodiealy I miss you too  what are you doing on this lovely monday?
@JodieBerseth haha you asked how to keep the dog quiet 
@JodieGiese .. I become.  I love ben and @lainejackson they're fun and real and just awesome to be around. Wish I had more of them 
@JodieGiese Haha... there were about 20 free stalls between my car and the nearest car... 
@jodieharsh No Darling, your gap is part of u... so to speak 
@jodiekearns many are worse of course  But as an ex-Barnet resident I have to show bias 
@jodielynne  @vivspace - thanks for the replies! 
@jodiem yeah she's getting better   but lesson no 1 will be about phone numbers!!
@jodienas Hey Jodie, are you on Facebook as well?  Would love to have you on there on my friends list! 
@JodieNicholson I could be wrong, but I think my brother purchased my domains from GoDaddy for me. 
@jodiesays I know bb, I'm replyin' 
@jodiesays my mum calls them that. 
@jodiesays post a link to it 
@jodiesays so you will 
@jodifur Awesome. Loralei Gilmore decided to give up life as a hotelier for B'way? 
@JodiGrundig I think it's a third of the entire cost of my trip next week. Ouch. Research trips have small budgets. 
@JodiGrundig No training involved-with all the trips he's taken this wash it himself thing is a new trick  I likey!
@jodikicksass awww someone must have seen &quot;Hustle and Flow&quot; 
@jodinasser removin u 4 ignorin my question twice..much love tho  on my end..
@jodinescorner You looked pretty last night Jo  That orange was nice
@jodiontheweb Isn't that hilarious? Hope you saw the Crosby is a douche shirt I picked up and wore bc of it. 
@Jodis_Tweet Awww thanks  He really made my night - can't wait for Cleveland!!
@Jody_Cross Magic all the way!  Glad you're up for the fight! Lol.
@jodyjodes i did not 
@jodylouize @eadvocate @lisastarylynn @heykim  I know you're right, I can't live w/yet ANOTHER thing I never did! I'll register 2morrow &lt;3
@jodylouize you're welcome jody, nice to meet you 
@jodymal Thanks for the rehash tweet. 
@jodymal the first is @TamaraSchilling  I thought everybody knew by now... LOL  j/k
@jodymead 
@JodyMoon Hmm...will have to find a way to take you up on that! 
@jodyroo glad you like it. 
@jodysauce ahhh that would rule! we should do a mix-swap 
@jodyth Hmmm - define upright!  
@jodythehamster atta girl.u prob not attractin many spammers/advert ppl cos u no tweet alot.u can just block em tho,no big deal 
@jodythehamster Hello from gloomy wet Wiltshire 
@jodywatley hey Jody greetings from Buffalo, NY just wanted to say I love your music Im pumping Still a Thrill now 
@jodywatley you are welcome but THANK YOU...I was raised on your musik!  
@jodywisternoff &quot;tiesto and britney&quot;.. LOL.. at least it wasn't Paris Hilton asking for it, right? 
@jodz Coz I love that song! It has such a romantic fatalism to it. 
@jodz lol, yeah the Baron is going to be a wee big crass, so i'd punch the delete button 
@Joe calm down joe! breathe breathe 
@joe why limit your story to 140 chr. Tell all what is annoying you at www.iamsoannoyed.com ,it will help relieve your stress 
@Joe__Jonas. Happy you gotta tweeterrrrr. lol. text me today, k? if you dont respond to this tweet. I TEXT YOU. trouble. 
@joe_carney  I'm sure you had something to do with it;) your iphone and my iphone should not be allowed in the same room 
@joe_carney I Ment google  You can search in a 24 time line now so the bots need to be up to date. More like Vcard's coming too.
@Joe_CB I'm glad your home, message me about all the exciting things you did 
@Joe_Constanty if you haven't left for SH yet, you should come out to Souk tonight: great hookah  (say no to drugs, kids)
@joe_doll Good Evening from Germany to Joey doll 
@joe_elway impressive 
@Joe_Hildebrand Gretal a comedian? now that's funny 
@joe_hill I have to come up with a witty and intelligent question now 
@joe_hill, it can be altered for each post. 
@Joe_Hollywood @AmericanYard  Follow Friday!! 
@joe_lloyd Yes, more now under bitumen ~ Look  forward 2 hearing more about your travel plans as they evolve in the coming month 
@joe2cool55 Seriously!! I'll make sure to workout each morning so I can stuff myself all day at sea.  Can't wait for the FOOOOOD!! 
@Joe5150 oh hhahahaha, well at least you're a nice genius 
@JoeAdrian dude , come to Rhode Island &amp; get some del's lemonade ;) its the shit, I promise  hahaha .
@joeaki1983  thx 4 adding^^ 
@Joeballtshirts  Good to hear! 
@Joeballtshirts nah, dont have to 
@Joeballtshirts The weather is beautiful here in the capital city!  How are you doing, my friend?
@joebatt some days though, I'd settle for being &quot;caught up&quot;   I guess it's that whole &quot;no rest for the wicked&quot; thing.
@Joebees have a great bike ride 
@joebeleznay I'm really loving your 'Indians in France' song 
@joebendesigns lol I read &quot;Rob scars&quot; and not &quot;Robscars&quot;! BIG difference! @rrhonika just explained it to me, Thanks, rhonika! 
@joebento we can't even play that in our PE classes. 
@joeboyfresh old fob is the bomb 
@JoeBranco holy fucking fuck yes!! check this out  http://tinyurl.com/mmmEarCandy
@JoeBreezyOnAir last time I had Jack in the Box I got food poisening. But that's just me, at my jack in the box.Long ago.Enjoy ur chicken 
@joebrilliant yes yes  nothin but love! Whats good with you my brother.
@joebrooksmusic how about...clacton 
@joebruzzese  I'll tell you what - if you ever hear anyone mention they need AVON send them my way.  We have great mosquito repellant.  
@joebuckingham haha. How do you feel! The jonas brothers rock! 
@joebucknam it'll look AWESOME! with purple in it. 
@joeburkel I'll be honest, I'm hoping Hedman slips to 9th and Ottawa can grab  him  He'll be great. Yes - NYI and COL need a few Tavares'
@JoeByrne_ very possible, they both rock 
@joecamnet sorry.  concert was a shiny spot in a scary, dark moment of my life right now. Forgive me?
@JoeCarlson79 Not with that device, but hopefully one day 
@joecarr @ywamcos @DvineExpression Thanks fro the Rt's deeply appreciate it 
@JoeCaruso Morning, Joe. Thanks again for the #followfriday! You are the one people ought to actually be following, though! I'm a slacker 
@JoeCascio haha! DAMN RIGHT. No one messes with our Clan. 
@joecavazos  Thanks bro. I used it at work all the time, and I finally get to use it at home now. 
@JoeCharlton DOOO ITTT 
@JOECOLUMBO goooood morning!! How are you! 
@JOECOLUMBO I'm gonna hold u that! 
@joecommisso anytime 
@joecommisso you could move here to St Louis, it's finally supposed to be 80 all week this week 
@Joecool169 I can't wait! 
@joecostello thumbs up on the spamming 
@JoeCrummey Maybe if you tell the waiter you're with her, she'll pick up the tab 
@joedawson fridays have been useless for me lately, anyway. 
@JoeDonRooney you guys did awesome at the rehearsal!! thanks for a great time!! 
@joefeser Hey, Edit Plus is my favorite too! 
@joefiorini About how the UI sucks? 
@JoeGarde no no being out with @davekenny normally involves being &quot;blind drunk&quot;. this will just be &quot;blind&quot; - I see the confusion though 
@joegerstandt it is nice. Better than nice. 
@joegerstandt Yeah I figured as such. Gee, tnx 
@joegerstandt yeah. Nerdy, but hot-nerdy. That makes me nerdy, I guess, too 
@joegerstandt your notes?? Bed? Sounds sad. Won't you stay and play late night twitter with us? 
@JoeGigantino  Hope u had a Great Weekend...You are Unique, You are Valuable, You have much to give, Loads of Energy back to you &amp; yours!
@JoeGigantino A kid again?! OH good! Thanks for that! Amazing what happens when we LIVE and LOVE every moment of the day! 
@JoeGigantino Few times I'm trying to leave comments in your blog but keep getting message &quot;operation aborted&quot;  any clue?
@JoeGigantino Hey - thanks for the comment too! I was on a roll yesterday with the happiness thoughts - Glad you enjoyed them! 
@JoeGigantino LOL! Mine too......but they were very funny today! Kept me laughing! 
@JoeGigantino U R AWESOME  Thxs for ALL the Positive Energy u keep sending my way!! Wishing you a fabulous and love filled weekend! Hugsx
@JoeGigantino You are right..Starting is always the hardest part! Thanks 
@joegreenz Nah, I'm not analysing it, just remember on the drive home thinking, &quot;whaaaa?&quot;. 
@JoeGuyAllard Does you to-do list involve anything for me? 
@joehhzeh you got one? yay  what's otl
@joehilley nope..bought the last one...LOL! 
@joeholland I don't know, but I like it 
@JoeJacobi haha so true...could be way worse  And tell Hugh I said hi! Have fun and enjoy the long weekend!
@JoeJGirl2009 I sent you it  NB
@JoeJGirl2009 thats cool(: nothing on the phone with my bestie  so im bored ahah
@JoeJGirl2009 yo yo yooooo my awesome niley bestie who rocks 
@JoeJGirl2009 yooooooooo gurl im back 
@JoeJisthebest OMG ARE YOU SERIOUS?!?!?!?!?!?! TAYLOR LAUTNER IS SO AMAZING. ONE OF GOD'S BEST CREATIONS  :X
@joejoekrq sweeeeet! i just emailed you! thanks 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 .. I love that song 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 awesomeee ! please request paranoid on your local station. haha i'm starting to sound like them 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 aww!  and I know right it's so amazing! 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 great quote! 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 haha me too! I love their songs!!!! 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 heyy.  how are you?
@JoeJonas1Fan1 omg, i'm listening to that same song. hahah. 
@joejonastweet really RANDOM like you said 
@joek949 @joek949 It's still the same....  always nice though... Michella's just next to beach, so great for a delicious ice cream!  
@joek949 apple juice all the way m'dear 
@joek949 good morning, it,s fantastic sunny day in newcastle 
@joek949 Haven't a clue  Got bad back pains. Had a scan and they found out my vertebrae are already damaged. Had fysio since.
@joek949 Morning you!    Might go to the beach I think.... and you?
@joek949 morning!  i know..they were beautiful! really looking forward 2 summer!im fed up w/ this school!!
@joek949 Yep - didn't get too drunk though. Gotta think of health and my wallet 
@joek949 Yep! (how well u know me) gonna go thorough my script to make it somewhere near good! 
@joek949 yes hurry up im hungry!! lol  x
@joekavp I just listened to The Follow Through, and i must say, it's amazing. Just thought you should know 
@joekwon80:  do you/anyone on that bus have a favorite kind of coffee? light, medium, dark? any fancy flavors? just wondering... 
@joel_birch I am sure I have no idea what you are talking about 
@joel134 yes . it's gonne be great, Great ! 
@joelcochran Tweeting at a geek event.  Let me guess: 44-555-0-33-22-44-22-88-7-6-4-2-13 *OK* 
@joelcomm i was just searching ebay for italian 1 &amp; 2 
@joelcomm Thank you for the dl 
@joelcomm That'd be so kewl! Oh, and great article about you on News.com.au 
@joelcomm you should run a sweepstake competition to guess when the app will be approved 
@JoelElford hey! I know someone that is in HK right now. Do you know Chase Wong? i could introduce you if you want.  Let me know!
@joelfelicio ok ok! I get it. you should know that I pay LOTS extra for my cable package just so it includes Versus  #dauphine
@joelfrizzle Bored and  loving the book i found . i'm just going to keep tweeting you know with every up day i have 
@joelg87 if you reserve for three years, it's even cheaper 
@JoelGunz You in a hot and spicey frame of mind today? 
@joelhouston maybe I missed my chance this time 
@joelhouston Thanks for blessing us!  Come again! 
@joelhouston well... As long as you're back for Elevate! 
@joelhouston why you don't whait more 8 hours? it's cool wait! hahaha  good luck in you decision!   god bless
@JoelisGagafied Hahahaha! It's on Comedy Central at 10:00 
@JoelisGagafied We should! Get Starbucks and listen to our men 
@joelives good excuse to keep you out of the house 
@joelix thanks! great boots  and they fit, woooohooo!!
@joeljsolomon do yourself and people around you a favor, and get a mac 
@joelklampert your #sundaysetlist now appear at http://bit.ly/UtVjN  
@Joellambert hello mr, didn't notice you were following me  x
@joellart Glad @theloosh signed your poster, and stopped for pix. Just made it to my seat in time! Oh yeah...line at ladies room-ugh... 
@joelleroosh well a sexaaay hobo 
@joellevin woah, excellent! I loved Superbad 
@joellllllll toshiba  she is so beautiful ^-^
@joelloi eyes only la. boy, it will be okay. 
@JoelMacfarlane nice post on teams...for once we agree on something 
@JoelMadden  I hav to wait too 
@JoelMadden  yeah! good night friend :B
@JoelMadden &quot;75K followers. Good grief. Thanks.&quot; You're welcome 
@JoelMadden @Babyswags can provide some cool baby &quot;swag&quot; gifts to your twitter party guests for giveaways or sumthin! 
@JoelMadden are you thanking everyone you can possibly think of? You are a polite and gracious man 
@JoelMadden good night.... in germany itï¿½s 11.38 AM 
@JoelMadden haha thats funny you almost feel sorry for the movie huh?? 
@JoelMadden haha, including the smash hit &quot;Pacifiers are for suckas!&quot; 
@JoelMadden Haha, you`re sweet 
@JoelMadden hahahaha lolz the best idea ive heard for a while 
@JoelMadden HAHAHAHA. thats amazingly great. i think that just made my day. 
@JoelMadden how long did it take you to learn the song 
@joelmadden http://twitpic.com/3k2oi - So Cuteeee  
@joelmadden http://twitpic.com/3w93r - @lo0o more than anything 
@joelmadden http://twitpic.com/6bm2v - So cute 
@joelmadden http://twitpic.com/7h5hm - This picture is super hot 
@JoelMadden I can't believe how big Harlow is getting.  She is such a doll.  You &amp; Nicole have so much to be greatful for.  
@JoelMadden I can't decide who's cuter Joely  
@JoelMadden i dont mind delivering coffee bean but im in Perth, Australia. can u wait? haha..only joking!  hope ya having a great day!
@JoelMadden I guess some people can take a joke! I thought it was cute! 
@JoelMadden I just saw a pic of your baby!!! pfffff!!!! it's perfect!!! really!! awww congratulations!!! 
@JoelMadden i think you look like josh now... i like it 
@joelmadden is on Cribs rn. haha.  
@JoelMadden listening to old school GC on a long road trip from FL to ME... Making time go by quick   http://myloc.me/2W3R
@JoelMadden Oh I Love sister act. Have fun 
@JoelMadden People from England can watch this one  Thankyou
@JoelMadden Pokerface! 
@JoelMadden So sorry for tweeting to you..I should have read your tweet right the first time and I would have just said Goodnight.  
@JoelMadden we just have to deal with losses from time to time. as long as we're still living, everything's going to be just fine. 
@JoelMadden what a cute message 
@JoelMadden what about your GC Family. you have your fans too 
@JoelMadden will there be chips and dip?!  
@JoelMadden youÂ´ve always looked great!!  x
@JoelMadden's tweets make my day  he is tooo funnnny man.
@joelmchalyou always come on and apologize. don't sweat it. just tweet when you can we're cool with whenever! 
@joelmclaughlin I don't miss the gridlock either. Thankfully I was the passenger today and not the driver. Thanks @stephen__harris 
@joelmegee me and @chrisvanb...wednesday...danbarry cinemas...chillicothe.  You in? 
@joelmoss  sorry joel.. when are you going to blog about modules!
@joeloleson Congratulations! 
@joeloleson hardy a rockstar   agree folks need to tread carefully.  FEATURIZE everything people!
@joeloleson Im looking for some new guest authors if that counts as newsworthy? 
@joelombardo I beg to differ.  I didn't see any competition!  
@joelpiper 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@joelrieder Everything has a point. It's whether or not we actually appreciate the point that matters... 
@Joelsk_ I love those. It's like a peanut butter milky way, right? 
@Joelsk_ I'm definitely in on that! #MakeMyMumComeToMTUB too 
@joeltelling yup! that one! I saw it while I was at work.. had to remember i was working 
@joelturtle you look so young in your twitter profile pic. just thought i'd let you know 
@JoelyRighteous no, silly, to shoot other shoppers with  though a taser is probably the more humane penalty for 12 items in 5 item line
@joelys es hoy a las 9pm los MTV movie awards 
@joemaclover cafepress.com it's already made 
@joemanganiello I wondered if you knew him as you're sort of same CMU era.  You ought to have seen what we did to a pic of him yesterday 
@JoeMcIntyre ~ Welcome to Twitter, Joe. I am so happy that you have graced us all with your presence 
@joemercury thank you so much! I appreciate the recommendation. 
@joemqi hi! thanks much for helping me with the one-shot thingy, 
@joemqi Oh my God, you're TOO pretty. Haha  It's weird seeing someone for the first time like this.
@joemuggs You should be playing The Last Step then 
@joenica_danger i've seen n comment ur Ashita no Kioku, thanks for uploading it!  n i've seen AU cm too! SakurAiba lol
@Joenid ... spreading the love ...  *waves* HI !!!
@JoeofJonas haha oh really now. whatever you say, broseph. i'll be the judge of that.. and you are cool.  ha
@JoePendragon Lol, not MY OWN.. It's Hosted, (lik eWeb-Space) but its good, and fast, and Mine 
@joepettis i love butch walker. i would travel anywhere. damnit. give me a head up next time! JEEEZ! 
@joepolitics Am I special enough to get tix from you 
@joepolitics Awww thank u sir   Means soo much  So many twits, so little time LOL
@joepolitics Good afternoon ;)  nice quote, gotta agree! 
@joepolitics Last night was awesome! Thanks for all the hard work you put into it! Off to get some coffee now... 
@joePRguy Nice video and coverage on your story. (You'd be *great* in PR.)  Looking forward to hearing more re: new non-profit venture.
@joePRguy That's what you get at Biltmore   Chandler and San Tan are very attentive stores IMHO
@JoePritchard: I'll be sorting out our website and press release down there. First &quot;in anger&quot; use of my netbook   #OpenCoffee
@joeprog fuddrockers, the accidentaly double charged me. i'm already on the bus, didn't wait long, thank god 
@joergenlang What about &quot;Snow Leopard - The missing operating system&quot;? 
@joerib Thanks, Joe! Yeah, it definitely deserved a beat down. 
@JoeSabino Not at all, Joe.  I luv you guys!
@Joesangel  never been to miami but love NYC!  
@JoesarAlva Wow....thats pretty cool....neva seen anything lyk that....LOL 
@JoesBrownSugar I feel fine! And I would never go to bed at 9:30! 
@JoeSentance Hope all is a rocking and a rolling in Joe-Ville this wonderful, sunny moaning - Population: You!! 
@joesentoso wow so sweet . thank u Joe 
@joesephjonas  hey joe whats up 
@joesephjonas i am making a party even i'm not from the US!! 
@joesephjonas if my friend and i come dressed as wendy and tinkerbell, would u do something special for us? 
@joesephjonas Loveee youuu! 
@joesephjonas single ladies video made me laugh until i cried! crazyness. you've got balls to do it though! 
@joesephjonas ugh the day the show premiers..is the day my satelite dish stops working!!!!!!! ugh can u sennd me a tape lol 
@JoesGaGirl Lord, girl you got dong on the brain   LOL
@JoesGaGirl Oh...ok...didn't know that. 
@JoesGaGirl Really....we already rolled around. ;)  Now I'm just recovering. 
@JoesGaGirl so go get something. 
@JoesGaGirl whew....I was scared out here all alone. 
@joesgirl MyKenzi (my daughter) just did her associational drill today 
@joesgrrrl well, I know. Just saying. I didn't get one either. 
@joeshonk you should tag them citrixsynergy 
@Joesnscaletrain   
@joestankowski i'm already stretching for our workout today on the show!  c u soon
@joestrouth Yes, I've only done one. 
@joetech so you have Sort it out 1,2,3,4,5,6 - i have managed to get to 3 so far - which is ridiculous 
@JoeTheProducer seriously, go out on the town for ME - can totally feel Chicago as I twt u today... love that city - been AGES...  g'nit J
@JoeTheProducer too funny eh?! hope you are gr8 today?... doing well in your twitter technique, I am certain! 
@joetracker, saw that and immediately thought of you.  Hugs to the pooches.
@JoeUgly yes, yes I did. 
@joewalnes thanks  weird not being a teenager
@Joewillie307 welcome to my tweeties 
@joewunderlick I guess some people are just lucky 
@Joey_C lol! sweet! or should I say &quot;sharp&quot; 
@joey_is_joann Oh i didnt know you had a pool! wow! you got the works on that house! good luck with keeping it up! 
@Joey_Pavlik I'm not depressed enough to do sports  check this http://tinyurl.com/c9q496 I WILL GIVE YOU PLANKTON!
@joeyanne I know what it is Joey, there is going to be a full moon on Sunday, they must be brewing up for it 
@joeyanne yeah lyndz is still in a lot of debt to me  i think i was justb disappointed to have blown all that money
@joeyasd adelphia is amazing, i can't wait for tuesday when i can go buy it 
@joeyblake i've done more damage to a Mac with tap to click... 
@JoeyCudz they are hard to find  hope you are having fun!
@joeydasinger Haha not an addiction...a simple pleasure  Ahh starbucks...Yumm
@JoeyDominguez ha...here I thought you were being sweet.   jk
@JoeyDominguez is that haha...you're crazy?  
@JoeyFan4Life Thanks 
@joeyfeldman it was soooo good .. now  I'm on to a more liquid diet 
@joeyismusic i just did guest vocals with Mike Green at his studio man! 
@joeyismusic Is it for download or for the new rock band? 
@joeyjepson nice choice anyway.  I thought maybe you were the artist 
@joeyjoeyjoey @zosokun @photosip Yep, it's all coming back to me now. I knew there was a reason why I took that HTML class 
@joeyjoeyjoey Thanks for spreading the word about us. Makes the WPPI Vegas hang over all the more worth it. 
@joeymarieward Ohh boy, craziness in Marlatt! 
@joeymcintyre  Can't wait to donate some books at Great woods on Friday 
@joeymcintyre  COME TO ROB'S CHAT!!!!  HE IS LIVE   
@joeymcintyre  Enjoy  you break  with your closest   luv from France  can't wait that you bring your sexy back in Europe  I miss u boo
@joeymcintyre  every great foundation needs a board of directors...oh can I be on the BOD. Got an MPA to back it up an almost a PhD 
@joeymcintyre  g'night!!! Mmmmmuah!!! &lt;3
@joeymcintyre  Good Night Mr McIntyre! TweetDreams!!! ( 1.30am UK )  xxx
@joeymcintyre  Missed all your tweets again Joe, damn that time difference!!! (UK) Dont 4get about your fave supporters in the UK!!!  xx
@joeymcintyre  My NK tattoo....hope you like it!  http://twitpic.com/4e19h Thanks to @GeorgiaPrincez for designing it around your lyrics! 
@Joeymcintyre  you need to get on here with your Mac Sexy Girls and listen to @Retrorewind with your man Dave!  It's A Party!
@joeymcintyre @dannywood CAN WE COME IN POR FAVOR   we DONT bite! lol
@joeymcintyre @donniewahlberg I was just talking about waffle house. I have been craving me some big waffles. 5 more days! 
@joeymcintyre @joeymcintyre  so glad you guys use the &quot;bostonian&quot; speak as well  y'all know its cuz we love ya.
@joeymcintyre ahahah thats a very uhhh interesting metaphor!! ahhaha 
@joeymcintyre and um we WANT u at the concerts..   I love HOTLANTA yal have a good time. and Wear sun screen thankx
@joeymcintyre another picture please sir  
@joeymcintyre Are you going to have your own contest? I hope so! A date with you would be nice!!!!!! 
@joeymcintyre aw memories...used to watch LW as a kid too  loved the bubbles
@joeymcintyre awww, cute little joey bird.  
@joeymcintyre Can we expect a link soon?  I know you've been busy working on it! 
@joeymcintyre can't wait to see u guys in a few weeks 
@joeymcintyre Can't wait to see you in Denver. This time I'm standing by you. PLEASE make sure that I do. You're my fave. 
@joeymcintyre Congrats.   Have fun tonight Joe.
@joeymcintyre Damn you Joe...  I was just going to get off of here and go to bed.I have to get up for work at 445! I'll bite...Who's there
@joeymcintyre Did you come just to cheer people up tonight? Because it's working! 
@joeymcintyre Every single fan who attends @NKOTB show this summer should bring a childrens book to help joeys let's get this foundation 
@joeymcintyre Glad 2 see u survived it! Hope u had fun! 
@joeymcintyre great tshirts..I wil be buying one on payday for sure! 
@joeymcintyre Have a great breakfast!!! Do you put ketchup on your eggs?? LOL!!  &lt;3 YOU!
@joeymcintyre Have a very, very safe trip and we will see you TOMORROW! Also, went and got a TON of books for you, all of which I love! 
@joeymcintyre hey joe. do u still need any more volunteers?! i have tons of books to bring you in chicago!! 
@joeymcintyre hhmmm...you in a white coat would be quite interesting   Hubby is a doctor...see where I am going with this?
@joeymcintyre how do I get a job with the let's get this foundation I have lots of npo experience 
@JoeyMcIntyre http://twitpic.com/3kb8h - Just getting his energy back up after the flu...Looks great to me 
@JoeyMcIntyre http://twitpic.com/4ihfa - &quot;Serious Joe&quot;-just too cool   Don't need to smile, ha!  Love you!!
@JoeyMcIntyre http://twitpic.com/6h592 - Jon is looking mighty fine! Love the hat! 
@JoeyMcIntyre http://twitpic.com/6h592 - love it!  looks SO different with a hat on 
@JoeyMcIntyre http://twitpic.com/6h592 - OH MY! Jonathan looks awesome! Great pic Joey lol Thanks for it 
@JoeyMcIntyre http://twitpic.com/6h6aw - MmmMmmmMmmm, such a handsome man 
@JoeyMcIntyre http://twitpic.com/6uymg - The question is, does he KNOW how to use it? 
@joeymcintyre I can't wait until July 10th!!  ::girly flail::
@joeymcintyre I didn't win a trip so not me!  Unless you wanna give  me the hook up?  Otherwise I will be working   But I will DVR it.
@joeymcintyre I hope I'll be your wife ...... in an other life ;) lmao it's getting late here  and I'm tired not drunk lol
@joeymcintyre i thought it was a cute picture - smile, don't smile, it doesnt matter, u are here showing u luv on twitter  Thanks!!
@joeymcintyre i will be there...  and apparently chicks are camping out already! lol
@joeymcintyre If u want send me the pic &amp; I'll crop it for ya!!! 
@joeymcintyre JOE we chatting with @youngQ now 
@joeymcintyre Just got my download from LGTF...love it! Can't wait for the Toronto show to see you sing it live! 
@joeymcintyre K joey...I got this end u get the other, start sucking...we SO got this!!! The Nectar that is hahaha... Luv U 
@joeymcintyre LET'S TWAT THIS!  
@joeymcintyre lmao see its not that hard  
@joeymcintyre LOL! That's what I heard! haha atleast u had fun 
@joeymcintyre lol,LOVE the pic of Donnie   Thanks Joey, you made my day. Take care xoxoooxxooxoxoxoxooxoxooxoxoxoxoxxoxox
@joeymcintyre maybe they do it on pupose cos of the word restrictions????xx WHOOPS, I miss-spelt purpose hahahahahaha 
@joeymcintyre NICE!  Thanks for sharing w/ us 
@joeymcintyre oh it must be scrumtrulescent. or ricockulous. i won't sue for copyright infringement. 
@joeymcintyre only you could say the word suck in a tweet and send thousands of girls in an uproar lol kudos to u darling 
@joeymcintyre Oooh I like it......very nice, he looks cute 
@joeymcintyre Please pass my respects on to Barrett and Kay today!  Those are 2 amazing women you got there. 
@joeymcintyre ready to see you in ATL Thursday!!!! CAN't WAIT 
@joeymcintyre seriously joe, u didn't get an authentic philly cheese steak!! Father please 4give him 4 he knows not. Luv joey joe 
@joeymcintyre Sexify my love Joey! 
@joeymcintyre shout outs eh??  Nice. Anyway good afternoon sunshine., can't wait to see you in 18 days. Luv Ya uuumm smack 
@joeymcintyre so glad you are in ATL...I was worried...you seemed to never be at rehearsal! 
@joeymcintyre Still in awe of VaBeach Show!  No doubt ya'll blew that power out in Jersey!  Can't wait to volunteer for LGTF tom in DC!!  
@joeymcintyre Thank you and Barrett for sharing that video with us. Griffin is absolutely adorable!!! 
@joeymcintyre THANK YOU your song had me in tears &quot;5 brothers and a million sisters...&quot; Love ya 
@joeymcintyre thanks for the pics 
@joeymcintyre Thanks Joe! hope u and griffin made barrett breakfast!! 
@joeymcintyre thanks joe! how about a donnie pic 
@joeymcintyre Tweet Tweet to you too!! lol 
@joeymcintyre tweet tweet. On the chat w/ Rob. Says what's up! 
@joeymcintyre when you get your grill taken care of this morning how about a quick shot of the hands.  Don't ask why, just do it 
@joeymcintyre Wishing a happy mother's day to your mom &amp; Barrett 
@joeymcintyre word of the day- &quot;soon.&quot;  It's a NKOTB/Joe Mac fav.   BTW, when can I get the CDs from your site?  Lemme guess...
@joeymcintyre yay im glad your not following Aston!! but follow britney @britneyspears haha do it!! lol 
@joeymcintyre Yay! Way to go Joe! ...I'll be buying a T-shirt BTW  x
@joeymcintyre yes .. and I got involved in Guzzles because I am me .. and I added GOO because of you .. Guzzle Goo 
@joeymcintyre You bet!...I'll be there in spirit (I'm in the UK really LOL) Like the pic BTW xx  x
@joeymcintyre You need to tile your background so we can actually see the picture - it's being blocked by the twitter screen 
@joeymcintyre You're so kind, Joe!   I am excited to see who won the Book drive for MI!  Much love to you! 
@joeymcintyre... just thinkin of  you   hope u have a good day
@joeymcintyre@qbee27 made you this!Griffin/LGT.org Twitter background! Make sure you view full size image http://twitpic.com/6rtaf! 
@joeypage http://twitpic.com/4j2q9 - Haha nice  love the t- shirt LOL
@joeypage no wayy. im the master of monopoly  we should play one day.
@joeyselena  thankyou somuch for replying to me! it means everthing good luck 4 the movie! it will be a gr8 success! im so watchin it!  x
@joeyTWOwheels you are so welcome .... thanks for shout out ..have met some great ppl on this #followfriday 
@joeyvesh13 hi joey yes its me for real  i was pretending to be her after i kept being told how much i looked like her lol
@joeyvesh13 no way ! My evil twin!!! Lol  nope wasn't me!
@joeyykidd hello!!! This is the life 
@joeyzxc It's a petition for The Late Show w/Jimmy Fallon. He's trying to arrange a 'Saved By the Bell' reunion on his show 
@joezay_lemon haha yeh!  stay tuned at my site...i'll have a exclusive. ;)
@joeztang quick holiday trip to Sichuan. winding down. Taking a breath. Hiking and of course eating 
@JofArnold Excellent  poke me at Seedcamp tomorrow,  and we can get a coffee and catch-up! Excited to hear more about your venture(s)!!
@joffrey voilï¿½ le mien :  http://yfrog.com/1ftowp   #showurdock
@joffwl Check out the Palm Pre then 
@jofrance yes it does. One of your people, green minded mom. 
@jogger5079 Thanks 
@jogger5079 Yes I think you should put your pic back up. 
@johalloran It's nice to remember that I am more than just &quot;Mommy&quot; too 
@JohanLindfors @rfolkes Hint #1) Week 19 - MSDN Newsletter about WCF, WF and Dublin. Week 21 - MSDN Newsletter about Oslo. 
@JohanLindfors whats on the agenda this time around? VS2010, NET4, Siliverlight3, Azure, Blend 3 ? 
@Johanna242 you too beautiful!  and thanks for the FF!
@JohannaBD *sigh* they don't make songs like they used to huh? 
@JohannaBD yep the maid one...  maybe even a book title... lol 
@johannacherry come stay at mine on friday 
@johannadc I feel the same way about Castle. 
@johannadc Oh! Actually she was looking for it as something for me to review for Manga Recon. But yes, ultimately it was to go to me. 
@JohannaFischlin @motivationmama You are very welcome!!! Happy Monday! 
@JohannaFischlin Awesome, glad to know your well  
@JohannaFischlin sounds fun, can you send me the link? 
@JohannaFischlin thanks for the rt 
@JohannaGarloqui yay thank you luv 
@johannaharness  thank you!
@johannaharness The book is still collecting virtual dust in Google docs  But I hear it's siren call getting louder....
@johannaprice It's a good day for lazy. 
@JohannaWhyte Yep, normally people move out of here and get better... too humid here... 
@johannDB hey johann.  ooh crap you can read my tweets!! LOL. you see my craziness.
@johanni show us a video of you juggling 
@JohannTheDog  Oh my, I bet you had a great time with the TP rolls. How long did it take for you and Gracie to tear them up  
@JohannTheDog Yes, you be sweet to your Mum today.  No messes, OK????  
@Johanstormarn Quatsch. Das ist doch total ineffizient und wie Du siehst auch extrem riskant. Stick to the standards. Keine Experiment! 
@JohanTheSwede you're awesome  I've never been added to a follow friday list until now.
@JoHart Sounds good! Thx for explaining. Love it that, though our language is virtually the same, there are so many distinct differences. 
@JoHart was thinking a Sympathy card  - congrats on 35 yrs - what's your secret?? what do you buy a couple which is pearl??
@JoHastings Just a day out with a few friends and managed to find a good spice shop to cater for my chili needs! 
@johawke You're welcome. Thanks for the awesome resource. 
@johbillie For you to laugh  http://bit.ly/Kwhw9  ( i watched this last night and LOL'd)  hope this helps!
@Johelle_xo is it normal to be THIS excitedd?  
@joheyyy No, it`s okay. 
@john(+74 hey there. How are u? Its almost lunch time here. 
@john_a_evans good to hear that! 
@JOHN_AF hey john!  waves*
@john_chr Good info thanks 
@John_Corey cool - will have to check it out - thx 
@john_erwin just felt a little intrigued by a Rangers fan in Japan. Glad to know that we are across the globe 
@John_Fogerty Hey, nice foto  My breakfast is 12 hours ago. Many greetings from Germany.
@John_Fogerty The other clips are from BigOldGatorï¿½s 50th B-Dayparty. You know him, his wife Martina &amp; Svenja. He is a Million Miler 
@john_foley ahah wows. i love sleepings in the car 
@john_foley and HannahMitrovich FROM KASEY: HAHAHA I HAVE HER SHES MINE! 
@john_hunter Ah now Comedy Central have Frasier all morning till twelve. So I guess there goes my morning 
@john_irvine Oh, btw - that's south of the border to the Tarheel state. 
@John_Irvine thanks for the honor 
@john_jones_chi for sure. nothing quite like it 
@John_Lamb That's ok, because you'll have a 5 hour flight to sleep. 
@john_larkin LOL... well at least you remember that you did something... wonder when we'll be able to google &quot;what did I just do?&quot; 
@john_pangilinan I smell an iPhone in your future...  
@John_Southern Hey Twiend       xox (Yes i robbed ashlie's kisses, that makes me an inbread :s so have u, ur inbread too) LY x
@John_Taylor and of course enjoys the fruits of your labour 
@John_the_Monkey Yeah, why not swelter on a rickety old racer with a wonky front wheel instead! That's what I'm doing 
@john_yeo Hi John, glad to see u here again 
@John1070 Read sometimes, watch a lot of movies, tweet...  haha
@John1954Moi - peanut cookies are one of my favs  reminds me of my old church, they were the fi... - [Re:] http://mobypicture.com/?04xdxc
@John1954Moi thanx for the recommendation 
@johna404   thanks so much for the  retweet 
@johna404 Awww, John...  I'm smiling.    Thank you.  #twitter
@johna404 just working on my first cup so far 
@johna404 lets form a club. Hereï¿½s another neat nite owl 
@JohnAmussen  I intend to. Thank you.
@JohnAmussen Ione Sky never did anthing for me.  Must be a boy thing.  Wonder where she is today?
I wish I was it boozle!! Matt says they have an insane green room  but instead I'm at home..tanya just got in an accident- glad shes okay!
I wish I was on an island. 
I'm out before John. Walk in Shaw Park? Uh yeah!  Subjects weren't too bad. Lit was fun!
I'm out early today 
im out eating wit the fam!!! luv it!!!! such a beautiful day!!! fuck niggas i got my family 
I'm out for a run/swim with @Only_Leah, so I'll be back later. 
I'm out for a session with my longboard. 
I'm out for a while,  Peace ou Homedawgs
i'm out for the night...  
I'm out like a girl scout 
I'M OUT need to get ready for my guitar lesson 
I'm out now, will be back later 
i'm out peeps, got a busy day tomorrow! lots of work &amp; last minute things to do before we cast away on our little ocean voyage!!!  nite!
I'm out twitter junkies. I have to babysit in the morning. 
im out walking  and its cold and dark and i heard something behind me :S ahhhhhhh
I'm out with Valentina &lt;3.I love the song &quot;It's Alright It's OK&quot; by Ashley Tisdale!Good work 
I'm out-standing in my field  ~crop scouting today
Im outta gum but with statements like that I can tell you are a very smart man @BLUESBOOGIE  ? http://blip.fm/~4mfls
I'm outta here....nighty night, all! Don't let the bedbugs bite 
I'm outta the shower, WOOHOO! 
im outtt wifff magsss too joeysss for another adventureee.  to the Great Whitess ! ahaha
im OUTTTT hahaahah . Its a beautiful day, the sun is shining, i feel good!   Going to the beach. lovesyou!
I'm ouuuuut... don't feel too good. Nite guys, have a good evening 
i miss the winch!!...house 
I miss those times, PIn Bowling Alley times 
I miss Tony!!! Happy to get to see him this next weeeeeeeeeek!!! 
I miss u guys so much i find my self wondering what would hillary duff do?  all hail funny man DANE  quake 4.5 like rides w LF @ the beach
I miss using twitter 
I wish i were better in english... 
I wish i would have pink sunglasses to see everything in more intensive colours... 
I wish iPhone vibrate was more vibratey (get your minds out of the gutter!) 
I wish it was like this all the time 
I'm over it. I have new comics!!!  Egad, I'm such an infant.
I'm over the 200 tweets 
I'm packed and on my way to the airport to get to @e3expo in LA for @vgtribune!! @mraellis is already there!  So pumped!! And a bit tired.
I'm packin meh nomnom and then I go to Johnny 
Im packing for my trip back to cov tomorrow night! 
i'm packing for one last trip before school 
i'm packing my bags.. we're visiting the province.. so nice to be back.. a'ight? 
I'm passionate about my work. I hope you all feel the same! 
I'm patiently waiting... It'll happen soon. I can feel it. 
I'm perfecting my latestet flash program..hope to get it online this week 
I'm pissed off at Charlie now.... but i somewhat still love him. i'm goin to sleep in muh smexy PJs. tommorow is the dance! 
im Pissed that our tickets to tonights Rangers game got lost!! its 14-1.  Im supposed to BE there!
I'm planning 2 watch 'XXY' at 8:30pm at Paramount tonight. 
I'm planning a trip 2 London dis summer. I'm lookin 4 an Acting  and Songwriting Summer Course or Workshops...Any suggestions? Thanks! 
I'm planning my first visit to an IMAX cinema this Saturday. Going to Manchester just to see Transformers 2 in HD. Worth the 4hr drive 
I'm planning on being famous in 30 days...No seriously .. I am 
I'm planning on what to do during my last days if summer 
I'm planning summer/fall tour and cd release!  And new musical projects -lots to do!! And then running off to rehearsal on the back porch
I'm planning to be in this horizontal position while watching tv for a quite a while 
I wish it wuz my bday so i cud have some birthday sex 
I wish Joe Bidden was on the train with me. 
I wish Micah would smile....  
I wish Monday could be easy like sunday morning 
I WISH MORE AWESOME BANDS HAD TWITTERS AND USED THEM. We really need to get Chino Moreno on here. @tonyhawk @trentreznor call him now. 
I wish more people would tweet !!! 
I miss you too it was so good seeing you! You looked great baby. I like you all scruffy! 
i missed conan on the air. and at an earlier hour too which is good for old folks like me. 
I'm playing 'creamed' corn hole 
im playing diablo 2  with my bros. what are you up to?
I'm playing FÃ¼r Elise on the piano. I got the first part right!  Now if I could just get the rest.. )
im playing guitar 
I'm playing guitar with Mary,yay,it's so great 
I'm playing Monopoly with George and Apples 
I'm playing my guitar 
I'm playing n trying to figure out my new Macbook 
i'm playing 'plants vs zombies' cuuuuute game! &amp; i'm downloading reaper episodes. awesome! i can't seem t fall asleep, so yeah! 
I'm playing the dvd player screen saver corner game a la The Office. So close to the corner! Shortly, True Blood s1d1... thanks @netflix! 
im playing the piano... tomorrow, have piano classes. i should try one's best if danny would teachaes the piano  hahaha
I'm pooped! Enough of this school stuff. Iz zeed zome Zzzzzzzzzzs 
I'm pooped. Just got home. Showered and ready for bed. If u missed the concert u sucked!! Ngiht tweeties 
I'm positive this isn't where I thought I'd be at 34 when I was a child! 
I'm posting pictures on my Blog, currently. 
I'm posting this update especially for Jewls to say that I love him, and I hope he does well at his game. 
I'm posting tons of updates right now because I'm boreeeed. 
I'm prancing about the house in my sundress listening to &quot;Closer&quot; by NIN  love.
I'm praying I would be HIGH YELLOW. 
Im preparing for a good 80 minutes of rugby and a lovely sunny day  lovely
I'm preparing for the enrollment! 
Im preparing myself to have a great weekend and planning my activities with my sister.. 
I'm preparing to move into my new home! 
I'm pretending I'm on the Hogwarts Express haha 
im pretty clever, put my own hair extensions back in 
I wish my mom would hurry and get home; I would seriously kill to have my cheesy bread right now 
I wish my mommy were here....I am going to remember her today! Love you MOM 
I wish my stepbrother would get paid sooner than Friday...then he could pay me and I could go buy my lovely Acer Aspire One netbook 
I missed Follow Friday! But much love to @inanemusings (GO CELTICS!) and @SidelinePass 
I missed fourth period playing Call of Duty. D: And died a lot. But it was fun 
I missed going to local gigs.  fun times.
I missed Kris on Huckabee. :| But on the bright side, the Gators won! 
I missed most of the MS E3 stuff.  Maybe it will be on iTunes later  
I missed my irish boys so much! So glad to be back with them ! I love you c.j.!  thanks for a great show!
I missed practicing guitar. Can't wait till I get a strap for it so I can play standing up. 
i'm pretty determined/ready for tommorrow! 
I'm pretty happy with who's following me and whom I'm following. GOOD people! 
I'm pretty official these days 
im pretty satisfied with life right now.  the song im listening to makes me feel good about myself. 
I'm pretty sure getting up so early is going to be detrimental to my night life. Also, TS333333333333333 
im pretty sure I hate finals week and the fact that I'm still not licensed. *siiiighhhh// studying. kinda 
i'm pretty sure i'm a lousy friend these days. How can I have friends when I can't keep track of myself. lol. ohh well. i have the boy! 
I'm pretty sure I'm gonna dye my hair in a few minutes, bleaching it so the pink &amp; purple show  excited.
I'm pretty sure now that the new Prodigy album pretty much OBLITERATES every other album out there at the moment 
I'm pretty sure we're moving to Los Angeles. 
im pretty sure you get cuter every minute. either that, or just the more i get to know you. either way, you're cute 
I'm printing some stuff to write in my journal.. 
im probably going to be tired tomorrow- but its wednesday, so it means my week is almost over  lovei t!
I'm probably going to do my homework now.... and then watching the MTV Awards 
I missed the #ontd #fuqtwitter #ohnotheydidnt #ohyeswedid rampage last night... oh well - better late than never! 
I missed Twitter! Glad its back 
I missed twitter. And now i want ice cream. oreo kind. 
I missed what looked like a very good first day of #E3 - I hope Nintendo can better it. 
I missed YMail so much! I'm on a downloading/organizing internet info frenzy. Hello first day high 
i misss amy 
i missssss you hoes!!  -chellllllllllllllllle
I missssssss you dave&lt;33 
I moved my laptop from my bed to my desk. so mch better 
I wish people from other states would be considerate of what time it is here! Wakin me up at 5 am. bitches 
I wish sis were still in IL, and had the book with her. We have this cool looking journal, where all out of context lines are recorded. 
I wish summer would come already 
I wish taylor swift is touring australia! 
I wish Taylor will win to CMt award! 
I wish Tessasoslow could learn how to upload a f*ckin profile pick 
I'm probably not going to be the top impact scorer, but I'm happy with my 1425 FFE points! 
Im pumped about the 3.0 iphone update! 
i'm putting on weight! been eating way too much. HEEHEE 
im putting skins on my ipod 
im putting the movie on... 
im qonna download this app nd qo on my ipod touch 
im quite blissfully happy, I have a great close friend and the sweetest guy and im somewhat happy 
I'm quite happy at the moment  bitter sweet that I'm leaving in 2 weeks though.
i'm quite impressed by Atonement. Romance has never my type but this one is really good 
I'm Quite suprised. DairyMilk Apricot Crumble Crunch isn't as bad as i thought it would be. 
I'm rarely ever feeling Steve Harvey's attire. But he is giving me my seven laughs right now 
i'm rather unreliable.  I still haven't seen Watchmen and despite being amped about Wolverine, I might not see that one either.
im raving in my living room like crazy, im so hyper 
I'm reading an issue of ARCHIE Digest Magazine. 
I'm reading Ashleigh's poem in the class mag.  Ashleigh is my very good friend. I hate the magazine though. Full of shit.
I'm reading City of Bones too! It's great! Another love triangle...Clary, Simon &amp; Jace!  Competition for Twilight?
i'm reading eclipse rite now... but already have breaking dawn... can't wait to start!!! woooohooooo!!! 
i'm reading new moon! 
I wish the boys at Rackspace lived closer to me - I suspect we'd all be terrific drinking buddied 
I wish the Scifi channel would spread the Star Trek TNG episodes throughout the week instead of 4 in 1 night. Got my nephew into it! 
I wish the weather was like this all the time! Loving it 
i must admit, i haven't had proper lunch in 2 days, i need to make something after my shower! 
I must admit, im looking much more hotter every day 
i must attend more Philippines festivals 
I must be crazy, but I'm gonna study another section before I sleep. Good Night, My Friends. May God Bless Your Evening, Sleep, and Day! 
I must be dumb..I don't even know what it is 
I must be getting old - I'm getting better at buying baby shower/baby gifts  I used to panic &amp; ask moms for advice.
I must be one of the easiest to amuse people in the world! =P And you have no clue how easily you make me smile 
I must be one of the very few that hasn't seen any of the Bourne movies, so I picked up the 3 DVD box set for AU$34 dollars today 
I must be paranoid 
I must clean and do laundry in case my sweet Virgo comes back to town 
i must confess, i am a double dipper 
I must continue to LIVE like you want me to 
I MUST FINISH ALL PROJECT FAST! So i can get rest  BE STRONG!
I must get off of here and get something done today....ever feel like that? 
I must get to work for SP Slovenia site..But i'm too sleepy. 
I must go - there is a particularly nasty database with fetid breath and particularly nasty talons waiting for me... au revoir mes amis 
I must have REALLY wanted to go outside after my nap cuz I left the house and I'm at a lil open mic w/ T by the crib. It's kinda hot 
I wish there was a camera today it was such. A sad moment I was tearing up and what not but GOD is so GOOD I didn't care nor should I 
i wish there was a way to keep a hot pack in my school clothes.  it's a lovely invention
I must leave you Twitter....I have WORK to do!!!    Until we tweet again....
I MUST make time to run off the ridiculous amount of french toast I just put down. 
I must say its quite warm but my uncle is going to kill me 
i must say skyleigh is the cutest baby EVER. the rest are ugly 
I must say, it's a nice day 
i must sleep! Rushmore @ the Crockodile Rock tomorrow 6pm in Allentown! Be there  The Scenic will be playing 2!
i must to go all time low signing next monday 
I mustache you a question  get it?
I napped at Barnes &amp; Noble-I have no shame 
I nearly forgot- one week until i see mcfly 
I need 2 update this more! So starting tomorrow I will tweet atleast once a day!  Just watched Tori &amp; Dean &amp; Real Housewives!
i need 29 more followers 
I need a bath.. good morning btw 
I wish to meet Manix Abrera author of the BEST Komiks evuuuuur, Kiko Machine Komiks. 
I wish to sit at a bonfire at the beach and make smores. Who's with me!?! 
I wish today was like yesterday. 
I wish you all a happy day http://bit.ly/gB2hj 
I wish you could have a momentary lapse of reason, L. 
I wish...I'm from The D...fly me home 
I wished for you and now I'm going to bed,  GOODNITE.
I need a break! I NEED KITKAT! haha! 
I need a circle of positive tweets around me. Will you say out loud for me:  &quot;The Universe will Provide for Zane&quot;    Thank you!
I need a cupcake. (via @travelingbaker) me too 
I need a drink... 
I need a fag, someone come see us at james halpins 
I need a fast tempo and energy for my iPod tracks - gimme track names pls!!! 
i need a few more comments on the next part of trouble &amp; then i'm gonna post the second part of you/i. comment y'all 
I need a good laugh. Anybody have a joke? 
I need a good party. 
I need a gym buddy!! Since SOMEONE is slackin! *cough*JOEY*cough* anyone go to bally's in lake grove or planet fitness in bay shore?? 
I'm reading Night World Vol 1...pretty good. Not as good as Twilight, but it will do. 
i'm reading now a lot of books - as i have been doing since the summer shine broke... 
I'm reading postsecret. 
I'm reading She Went All the Way by @megcabot. I like it but I like the Boys Series more. weee. 
I'm reading the basics about blogging. 
I'm reading the news here on twitter.  That's what  I use twitter for.  Just look who I'm following 
I'm ready earlyy today  lovve
im ready for a bf. srsly. anyway...new belgium sunshine wheat is yummmmmmy.  night night after this ep of Angel.
I'm ready for a break-out book. Working on it right now in fact. 
i'm ready for a holiday! 
I'm ready for my mooovie night tomorrow with some of my favorite people 
I'm ready for the day!!! I don't want to spend my whole life asking &quot;What if I had given everything?&quot; 
I'm ready for the day, but its so hard to get out of my bed!! Waay too comfortable right now to even BUDGE! 
I'm ready for the Les Claypool/Matisyahu/Dub Trio show tomorrow night 
i'm ready for todayyy. 
i'm ready for tomorrow . Let's go to the beach ! 
I'm ready to begin another busy day!  I'll be stopping by blogs either this evening or tomorrow.  Ik wens jullie allemaal een leuke dag 
I'm ready to bring Luke's car to WA from MI.  I would like my car back all to myself.  Greedy and silly I know, but still true. 
I'm ready to face @KissySellOut track 2. I honestly had to stop after the first one, it was too much awesomeness for a Monday morning lol 
I'm ready to go and celebrate Val's 1st month 
I'm ready to go......... an hour and a half too go. 
I'm ready to sleep.   Hope tomorrow find my answers
I'm ready to start working on a new movie! And I want to start like tomorrow!...  Damn this business
IM REALIZING THAT I ACTUALLY DID WHAT I NEEDED TO THIS WEEKEND 
I'm really addicted to The Fray at the moment thanks to @seblefebvre  and @patricklanglois 
I'm really enjoying the nice day today, please may we have more sun 
I'm really enjoying this affiliate marketing thing more and more! 
I'm really excited about the future, i don't even know why. but i really hope to help others 
im really excited about the presets tonight. 
I'm really excited for Conan tonight &amp; hope he continues to do stuff like this: http://is.gd/LQvO It takes so little to make me happy. 
I'm really excited for tomorrow. I get to see some of my favorite people from U of I. 
I'm really happy about the awards I won tonight! 
I'm really happy for them. 
I'm really horrible at studying when it comes to exams cuz i don't study. Melanie's graduation tonight. 
I'm really hungry... but I need to ring up about a job. So which is more important, food or money? I think we all know the answer... 
I'm really looking forward to MVC softball tonight!! Happy Monday? 
I'm really missing my blackberry  lol Car needs fixing, I want to shop online, I have places to go! Where's the money?
i wnt to sleep now. good night my bloved tweet 
I woke to a sale  But I still have had no response from someone who bought a card the other day and did not pay. Time to send a PayPal msg
i woke up @ noon today, i've got to start setting an alarm, haha! I'll be innnnnnn Nashville a week from today, yay! 
i woke up an hour ago...damn was i really that tired? anyways..good afternoon to everyone  i miss her gonna try to see her today :p
i woke up and u are the first thing on my mind 
I woke up at 5:30 this morning! I'm not used to being up this early during the summer. Going over to Tonya's house in a little bit 
I woke up at 7:36... but now I'm up for real.. today's the day.. 
I woke up at 8am this morning, my sleeping pattern is getting better! now waiting for the neighbours to wake up to start recording 
I woke up at 8am took a run with my dad -_- When i came home i jumped in bed and fell back asleep. 
i woke up at noon 5/29/09 and i havent been to bed yet  
I'm really proud of my new Japanese design, but I'm not going to show you  .
i'm really really happy!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm really shocked on how my life changed this last two years. It's amazing how people come and go, and of the ones that remain in it. 
I'm really, really glad Raina and I drove around and talked. I needed to get that huge secret off my chest  Tonight was good.
im really2 sleepy now. coughing non stop. Going swimming later 
I'm recording a voiceover for a Home Working Health &amp; Safety Assessment E-Learning module for local government. Hush! 
I'm reeady to watch Avenue Q.   - http://bkite.com/06DYL
i'm reflecting on the good times me &amp; my special friend have shared! 
I'm refusing to stereotype this as another boring monday! Oh and I'm kinda excited to see everyone tommorow 
I'm relaxing at home after running errands. Just had a yummy calzone for lunch and I'm ready to sleep  http://mypict.me/26uf
I need a hero 
i need a job!!!! ughhh,ok...goodnight 
I need a job, my mom and I have an appointment at the Camera Shop at 2!  possibly my mom will give me a loan for a new camera?
i need a life  watching skins all night
I need a nap.. If I take one now, ill be up in time for the gym! 
I need a nap... Out spending time w/ the fam 
'im representing tennessee, so i twang in my blue jeans' haha, jesse james 
I'm resting, tryna get right so Queens Pride can bless me!!   i'm still tryna shake this hangover damn!!
I'm returning with my Grandmother from an her friend house 
Im rich, and jobless lol  oh, the irony.  d-_-b
I'm right back from the cinema. It was so great. Awesome! 
Im right here right now. 
Im Right, Your Wrong lol 
I'm rite now eating a half burnt popcorn while watchin Milan instead of studying 
im rly tired now so ill b in bed til bout 1 in the aftr noon......nite!!! 
im rockin' the Frida Kahlo hair do according to Nigel haha 
I'm rocking out to Britney Spears on my iPod! haha. 
Im ROFLing at Wootton's twitters...now i just hope she knows what ROFLing is 
I'm running !Ubuntu in Windows from my memory stick, with Portable Ubuntu. This is the most awesome thing ever!  http://cli.gs/j9XETh
I'm running a workshop and would like to demonstrate twitter, so you can expect the usual request for a twitter greeting tomorrow am 
i'm running for president of my classs 
I woke up bright and happy today! Great Morning, World! 
I woke up craving a cali burrito so I think that's what I'm gonna aim for today  lol
I woke up dis morning wha more could I ask fa? On da way to church!!!! 
i woke up horny hmmmm what a live sex money music and weed cant ask for nun more 
i woke up hungry... hungry for advertising... first day at Big Idea Company 
I woke up in a cooking mood again... The fabulous Meatloaf will make a return to the table tonight 
I woke up in a really good mood 
I woke up in such a panic, but today was really lots of fun.  Problems that overwhelm us at night have less power during the day.  
I woke up smiling bc lastnight I went to BED laughing  Thanks yall!
I woke up super early this morning. The woodpigeons were in the garden and they had brought over their little one! How lovely 
i woke up thinking Jonas Brothers!  is that they will come back here? OH heaven, imagine a tour! Jonas Brothers in Fortaleza?
i woke up this mornin with &quot;Paranoid&quot; stuck inside my head! it feels awesome! 
I woke up this morning at 11:11 so I made a wish. 
I woke up this morning at 4:45am and just decided to stay up. I'm glad I did.  I am early for a change. Yay!
I need a new criative picture '-', maybe I'll take some tonight 
i need a new digital camera to replace the one i lost when i was drunk. anyone like to donate any money? 
I need a new name. Any ideas? And it has to be original. 
I need a new phone case &amp; screen protector. Who's buying it for me?! 
i need a new phone. and a good weekend 
I need a pedicure. Does anyone want to go get their feeties fondled with me? 
I woke up this morning with an article on &quot;5 Levels of Learning&quot; fully formed in my mind. I have to write it down before I forget it 
I woke up this morning,The sunshine was shining ,I put on my happy face 
I woke up to crystal castles. What's everyone doing today? 
I woke up to get ready then realized I'm so sunburnt that no makeup could save my face right now. Now I have free time to tweet about it. 
I woke up to I dream a dream blaring and for sine reason I thought SuBo was in my gaff xD I love susan Boyle 
i woke up to my beautiful girls face today... i can tell today will be good 
I woke up today and found out that I have $8,500,000. On my Mafia Wars account  #fb
I woke up today feeling much better, penicillin must be working. Off to meet Tat and Mimi 
I woke up with a horrible hangover. 
I won 10$ giftcard - Great 
i won a keytar on ebay  its a Yamaha SHS-10s and its really old and ugly but at least i can learn it now. wanna go pro!
I won at 100 bar tab!!! I've shared 85% of it.  I have more important things to do then get drunk tonight. 
I WON AT AIR HOCKEY 8D kimkims too white+says im 'too short'. job hunting 
i won edward 40s hands tonight  it feels good to be home before 5am, SOOO excited to sleep until whenever i want tomorrow ..goodnight&lt;3
I won it  Just be ready for a change ^^
I Won Merit Player Yesturday. 
I won the battle in the end....after having been ganged up on, by a bunch of small pricks!!  Die brambles...Die 
i won the lottery guys! it was only a dollar, but my point remains valid! 
I won the squiggle biscuit drawing competiton 
I need a profile pic. This is getting ridiculous. I work with a bunch of photographers! My deadline shall be May 24. 
I need a recruit tonight at my SPA........it would be VERY nice!!!! 
I need a simple website  by Nikole http://tinyurl.com/q5d7ys
I need a simple website  by Nikole: I have an e-book ready to be sold. I need a very simple website where peop.. http://tinyurl.com/oyacq7
I need a small break. A drink and some fresh air  Later!
i need a vacation. Goodnight ppl. Have a good rest of ur bday night bby  &lt;3
I need a vacation. that would really rock my world. somewhere tropical, with umbrella drinks 
I need a work from job 
I need advice on a website that would be good for me to put video's on, to share.  Any advice appreciated. 
I won two silver Communicator Awards for spots I made, and another for election coverage w/ @D_Bish and @nicktakis! 
i wonder how i ever survived without twitter. there are so many nice and funny people here 
I wonder how I would look fat 
i wonder how long its gonna take to get my iphone... i decided to get white  but tha itouch is gone now :/ back to usin tha psp at nights
I wonder how many of the people i follow actually have an iPhone and Zensify installed. It's free guys, get it 
I wonder how people talk about their latex fetish these days. Do they wear a hood to hide their thoughts and personality? 
I wonder if @Andrew_istheguy his star wars lunch box this morning? I've not seen him today. Anyone seen him? He is working so hard on me. 
I wonder if @guykawasaki was almost causing DOS with his tweet on the &quot;Review of URL shorteners&quot; . the site took quite long to load 
I wonder if @lisa_veronica is going to move to London as well as @jessicaveronica? Hope so! 
i wonder if i get my burts bees kit today? 
i wonder if it has anything to do with not sleeping.......   
i wonder if nur has reached east coast, he didnt call or text for more direction. i hope he's reached safely. amin! 
I wonder if screamo hottie pants kyle will be at the show tonight 
i wonder if that went towards me. umm. summer school starts tomorrow! aughh. cousin is coming over; cooking time. 
i need an austin powers movie marathon night soon! hahaha  SCOTTYDONT.
I need bacon 
I need better speakers in my office. The little ones on my desk just don't provide enough bass  
I need boots to wade through all of the sh&amp;t house tracks that were released this week.!  The rare gem makes it all worth while though 
I need candles for tomorrow. Anyone have some? 
I need Coffee, however, please intravenous 
I need disciples.. Please Join me  http://loucypher13.mybrute.com
I need food. I'm hungry. I think I will go investigate downstairs. 
I need food... last ate solid food at 6:30 AM. made some $$ today, though. The season has begun! 
I need for two o four months o maybe better for a year: Beach, Sun and a guitar with my favorite and dreams teacher in music, Perfect 
I wonder if they are waiting for antes to kick in also 
i wonder of my mccoy beats people woth that stick and of thats really water in his water bottle 
I wonder too, is this like a chat room...? Good question, did you get any answers? This is my first time using this 
I wonder what Kris Allen is up to today...  Does he still need that back-up singer that I mentioned so long ago?  
I wonder what will happen tomorrow? Its gonna be interesting ;) Can't wait for kitty to get back! 
I wonder what's going on with my little demon with glasses and ponytail. 
i wonder what's gonna come up for tomorrow. There's always a surprise coming up every single day that comes along. Well, most of the time 
i wonder whats my boyfriend doing 
i wonder when the radio will start playing new music... going shopping. 
I wonder where @ddlovato has gone on Vacation too... 
i wonder who is going to be playing on next years bdo and soundwave line-up? Im excited 
I wonder who'll win the #squarespace thingie today. 
I wonder why he chooses her over me, but everybody loves me! &lt;33 my mom said I'm prettier 
i need friends now 
I need help! - adviceblog: ï¿½/following. you follow too.  http://tumblr.com/x1g1wg1yf
I need Jesus... 
I need me some Burn Notice. Can't wait. 
I need more followers  spread the word bout @rawswagger
I need more followers! Tell people to follow me, ten direct message with proof, &amp; you'll get a free shirt mailed to your PO in July! 
I wondering if I should take a nap 
I won't be able to take care of the shop due to travels and camp so help me clear it out  http://bit.ly/Z2fMl
i wont forget the time @peterfacinelli tweeted me and greeted me a happy birthday! 
i wont get in trouble im a good kid remember  this stuff is stressing! kay good night!!!
I work in my underwear - thinking of getting a different color for each day of the week - who knows, maybe even patterns someday. 
i need more friends so add me 
I need more Gary Allan albums  some of his songs make me smile. Like &quot;As the crow flies&quot; I heard that in concert!! Luuuv luv Gary allan
I need more GUYS in Strength class 
I need more time to explore all the links that look or would sound interesting, informative and the #music, OMG! I do alittle at  a time 
I need more/better music for the album. If you're good, get at me STAT! 
I need my Ashley Bear!  &lt;3
I worked on all of the custom orders that I have for this week! I have some great stamps. Lots of wedding designs.  TGIF
I worked out this morning, just left target, and ate a toblerone and drank a vitamin water life is good!! 
I would  sneak her in...  *Hey Ya' All*
I would appreciate any and all advice on this subject. Just at reply or DM any info. Thanks! 
i would be happy if my office had the following: ice 1: cube maker 2: fruit 3: knife 4: lemonade 5: pimms 
I would give up my life right now to run away with Jon Stewart 
I need new clothes. I think I might have to take the baby shopping with me 
I NEED NEW SONGS - recommend some to me  please
i need new songs... then i can give alex her ipod cord back on sunday, when we watch the hills finale and mtv movie awards 
i need numbers. my sony ericsson crashed, everything got deleted. msg me your digits? 
I need ribbon :| And another miniskirt 
I need sleep, fer sure. Still have a headache. WTF. Night 
i need sleep, i'm go sleep  Good Morning Peoples! muaaah :*
I need some arts and crafts time.  I wanna make stuff 
i need some followers. . .anyone wanna help me out? 
I would have brought you if i knew you werent going to fp 
I would have tweeted sooner, but in my rush to get to the store, I locked myself out of my apartment and had to have someone let me in 
I would just like to announce...I finally caught a Pachirisu.  Those shits are hard to find!
i would just like to point out that jean on jean is no bueno, even if they match. thank you 
I would just like to say that I have THE best friend in the whole world...literally  I lovesss you &amp; I'm glad you're feeling better 
I would just like to say: A++ trolling, kt. 
I would kill to become an actor. What a life! 
I would like @lamontrose to know that he is my very best friend!! 
I would like a marketing budget like the one Microsoft have for Bing - Â£100 million dollars! Dr Evil would like that 
I would like a plum. They are more dark blue than purple. Plums aren't royal so they can't be purple. 
I would like a Super size Mc Crushed and some french fries please  http://tinyurl.com/c37dtd
I would like a tachyon converter to go back in time and choose a different movie.  
I would like some cuddles from the cutie plllz 
I would like to go to the summer of gigs and festivals, but I do not know if I have money. But, hopefully! 
I would like to have an object oriented life where everything remain abstract so that you can fit and fit anything on req basis 
i would like to Katy Perry live again. She's amazing. 
I would like to order 100 HeatSeeker Shrimp for Lily!!! Please. 
I would like to thank everybody for the Follow Fridays! you rock! 
I would like to visit #Milwaukee &amp; #Chicago one day and meet @MLyndonH &amp; @explorechicago,maybe ? 
I would love a great deal please.     @TargetINC: A new ad already? It's as if we're giving away $5 gift cards left and right! Step up any
i would love a poster of the last panel of the today's QC comic  so awesome.
I would love the 85mm 1.2 .. but would settle for the 85mm 1.8. I'd also love a 1Dsmark3 for it to sit on 
i would love to have that perfume @ddlovato. haha! and @taylorswift13.  hehehe
I would love to make tweet love to @jordanknight right now 
i would love to meet T.I and keri hilson in person (one on one) ! that would be one of my greatest accomplishments ! 
I would love to play a game  he he
I would marry someone if it meant they could stay. 
I would much rather #militarymon trend than basketball and cell phones. Many blessings and thanks to our troops today 
i would never let the sun forget to shine upon your face so when others would have rain clouds you'd have only sunny days 
I would rather end up heart broken then have regret because i didnt take a chance 
I would rather that RIM steal my idea as they will make it work. Good technology + great idea = awesome application and cheque for me 
I would really like an iPhone. But I'm cheap 
I would really love to meet Eminem. He is so emotionally strong. Seriously. An inspiration. He pulled through so much. 
I would really prefer it if it wasn't raining. I have a lot of stuff to carry in today.  Oh well.  Tomorrow is supposed to be beautiful! 
i would re-wind the week end until i was ready to go to school! that way i wouldn't get annoyed and could take on ANYTHING 
i would say over and out but that'd be incorrect, so night guys. OUT 
I would soooooo be a cop... If it weren't for two things... 1. I could drive.... 2. I wasn't so unfit... 
I would very much like escargot right now! w/ garlic butter or with salt and cinnamon  *sigh* where's my grandmother when I need her?
I woulda never believed that five years later I'd be a female engineer myself making tracks 
I wouldn't mind a shoutout 
I wouldn't normally do that but my dreams are so freakin' weird !!  .. should be fun reading over them in a couple of months 
I write a new song  It sounds great!
I Write Sins Not Tragedies- Panic! At The Disco  oh yeah....
I wrote a blog http://bit.ly/9YhIu  You should follow it too 
I wrote a song, dedicated to my job: &quot;Wack-a-doodles everyone...crazy people...so much fun!&quot;.  Won't you sing along with me? 
i wrote about @taylorswift13 for my final test. she been my role model 
i wrote that :S SEE 'Chuck?Blair ' &lt;-- AWWW. but Brelta are better 
I need some hang out time with my #TWFFL's FO SHO! 
I need some more followers 
I need some positive vibes today! Send them to me mentally please 
I Need Some Txt Buddies!!! Ladies DM Me Your Number If You Want To Be My New Txting Buddy 
i need someone to go with me to see miley cyrus in columbus in october 
I need something to do today. I get off at 11:30. Hit me up. 
I wsnt able to meet DA, nor see him f2f! Bt Im still happy! coz I was able to attend the cncert! dats d only thing that I was asking for! 
I. Have. VIDEO!!! What's it worth to ya? 
I. Love amy silva  ahh! Xoxo
I. Want. Ice-cream! 
I...I get excited  
I...I kissed a boy, and I liked it !  woo, like really.
i.dont.do.drama.... Gina V -  Drama free since 1985! 
i?milk; stop stalking my tweets 
I@jimcarlow I've got your email address, I'll send you a map and some directions asap. We're going to get started around 830 
I`ll tweet later or tomorrow ! bye. 
i`m actually enjoyinq a -crazy nice- day in Medellin 
I`m at school, it`s boring....! 
I`m back;) Long weekend. Got a new Camera fore my birthday Loveit Did see What happens in vegas.. Loved it! Bottom line: Work on it!! 
I`m gonna spend my next 2 days at orchard hotel...my friend says I have to look out for some ladyboys 
I`m happy  my son just phoned me up, he`s just flown from Melbourne to Cairns+he`s safe+well (I didn`t doubt it but glad2hear his voice)
I need spinach and tofu. Like, NOW! 
I need suggestions for a good (excellent if possible  ) book about Operational Support in Customer Care. Thanks! http://tinyurl.com/nabjrz
I need to be in Puerto Rico right now 
I need to be nice. 
i need to burst the bubble of hope. and the first sign of it is tomorrow. all the best janice chian! 
i need to buy 2 tickets for Relient K in Pomona (glass house), let me know 
I need to buy myself a ukulele. And go to hawaii. And party it up. With my ukulele-playing friend @chr1st0pher . 
i need to catch up wit my music....download time 
I need to change my angry status. there 
I need to clean my desk. Perhaps it will help me organize my mind 
I need to clean my phone it's starting to resemble the iPod Touches in the store. 
I'm Sanjay Gupta in the making 
I need to do some serious exercise today, hmmm, not out of choice but beginning to morph into a hobbit 
i need to eat dinner 'till mom gets here!  i'll check on your updates later.
I need to eat one last meal before bed. And then it's list making for me! Gnight tweeples.  #gno
Im sat in my garden relaxing, sorry I mean revising  No really Im doing Maths revision, dreading tomorrow but loving the sun 
i'm satisfied. HAHA, with anbig nice wonderful 14. 
im saving both voicemails in my phone. cuz they both make me happy 
I'm scared my computer hanged so you now it might have virus and just got home from subic philippines 
I'm scaring d. Right now its so funny 
I'm scrubbing eggs clean. Yep, with a scouring pad. Such fun this is. Only in my home will you see such clean eggs.  - http://tweet.sg
I'm searching a new background-pic for my mp3-player. any ideas? tell me 
i'm searching followers 
im searching new buckles for my belts , does anybody has a good site for this ? pls 
i need to finish Wife Swap so I can shower and get ready for Amy b-day dinner  
I need to get a dress...i think...four days until graduationnn 
I need to get back onto a normal sleep schedule. 
i need to get dressed for work, but reruns of The View are so much more interesting 
I need to get my BUT in gear!!! Happy Saturday 
I need to get my hands on al lthe t.A.T.u music after Dangerous and Moving 
I need to get my shorts and my tanning lotion-iI ain't missin da sun today maynnnn..... 
I need to get ready now.. Argh! Twitters' soooo addicting 
i need to get readyy, i smell so bad, will do in a min 
I need to get to a batting cage before next week's game. 0 for 6 is just pathetic 
I need to get up. I need to get ready. But my bed is so fucking warmm. 
I need to go inspect spaces that people moved out of, so people can move in.  I love the beginning of the month 
I need to go now. Rest the pc, my fingers, my brain, &amp; my whole body. Goodnight in advance! Tweet dreams. xo 
i need to go out 
i need to go to america. like really soon 
I need to go. I think I'm done with my homework.  Good morning/afternoon/evening to everyone! Ciao...
I need to go. i'l be right back 
I need to hurry up and get dressed, looking for sweats 
I need to learn how to use my iPhone for a wireless on laptop.  lmk if u can teach me 
I need to learn the words to The Saga Begins so i can sing along with Miss American Pie comes on at work  all i currently know is the  ...
I need to leave for CratLab in an hour. www.myspace.com/flintcityhandmade My one day a month I get to hang out with awesome crafty chicks 
I need to make a haul vid and 5 pretty things tag vid soon! Hopefully tomorrow after work 
I NEED TO MAKE A RAP ABOUT SAM. Someone give me adjectives to describe her. 
i need to make more of an effort to meet some of my best online friends like @aryanmaine  &lt;3 but damn the money it costs D:
I need to move. Can't wait for the end of the month to go to the new flat! New as in new for me. 
i need to not have a cold anymore by about 7:30pm tonight, somebody make this happen for me! 
I need to reblip this too  ? http://blip.fm/~4kxv2
i need to reply to @eloc_ssej 42 more times to get her my most replied to 
i`m in France  yipppieeeh yeah nice weather and all is nice xD
i`m just livin life 
i`m new here! 
I`m now checking out new songs 
i`m so bored. :| hmpf. btw, i`m done editing some pics.  weeee. )
i`m wondering if @trohman `s pic is really him. the kiddie pic. coz i think it`s really adorable 
I`ve just gotten home from work, and I`m going to see the russerevy.. Now I`m gonna eat dinner in the sunny weather! This is perfect! 
i|0V3Y0U*  everythingg feels different idkk its just kinda werid LoL
ï¿½ amanhï¿½, new moon, i will be waiting 
ï¿½ I love all sorts of weather. Today, though, is the perfect sunny day: soft, cool breeze and now smog. Just like sunny days should be. 
ï¿½ ilson Wilson! boa noite pros q ficam!  fuiz Ruiz! (kkkkkkkkkk #nonsense) []'s
ï¿½ Looking forward to getting this week over with so its vacation time! 
ï¿½ need more followers 
ï¿½/ chegay ao mundo Twitter 
ï¿½Chillingoutnow Just testing how to work Twitter from my phone 
ï¿½cont) friends  beauty at it's best......,,.
ï¿½Get me a beer woman!ï¿½ http://tinyurl.com/decmn9 One crazy photo / goodnite tweeps 
ï¿½h @shamir  @OurielOhayon hesitating getting a CANON EOS 500D. my last one died on me 3 weeks ago. opinon? @canonfrance what do you think?
ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ It's my Birthday !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ï¿½rebro tonight! Yihaaaw! We're leaveing in a few minutes. I'm sure it's gonna be a good day  -Jake
ï¿½The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.ï¿½  
ï¿½Trail of Deadï¿½ and supporting act ï¿½Gringo Starï¿½ killed it last night !!  Nice fellows to talk to as well !
ì§‘ì•žì—? ì§€ìƒ?ì§€í•˜ì² ì—­ì?´ ìžˆëŠ”ë?° ì—¬ê¸°ì„œë?„ ì§‘ wifiê°€ ìž¡ížˆë„¤ìš”   http://bit.ly/7FppR
I need to shower and get ready 
i need to sleep. trying to get this pen off me but its just not working :| permanant marker isn't funny!!!!! carnage was awesome  xxx
I need to spend the night at your house paul 
I need to start going to bed at a reasonable hour! Time to read a bit more One Minute Millionaire in bed  Today was a great day!
i need to stay away from shoe shops... N handbag shops... N makeup counters... i will never learn 
I need to stitch name tags into all my clothes tonight. FUUUNNNNN. Finale of The Apprentice is on to compensate though 
i need to stop waking up at 1pm. w/e, im still having a pancake breakfast. 
I need to study but i'm so tired now. i think a catnap will do 
i need to talk to you @mynameiskaraaaa  well my lifes pretty good. have fun stalking me 
i need to twitter more 
i need to type something else as part of test 
i need to wash my hair anyone wanna do it for me??? please!!! 
I need to watch: Angels &amp; Demons, 17 again, Coraline, Hannah Montana Movie and ghost of girlfriends past...x  i NEED to watch them.. 
I need to work on my take home final today. Once I finish, I'm officially done with school 
i need to, i need to, i neeeeeed to, i need to make you see oh what you mean to me  school drives me crazy xD
I need vacations like ASAP 
I need you by alicia keys. &quot;there will never be two things that in together better then you and me&quot; 
I need you like a heart needs a beat, but that's nothing new...I love that song right now 
I need you(i need you) more than anyone darling  yara yara yara Domingo :| maniana lunes, martes, miercoles, jueves AND IT'S OVER BB
I need your help @EmilyLovesGlee or @JasmineTafoya1 let me know when you're online  you're probably sleeping now =P
I need yur help.  hmm..?... http://bit.ly/187fMR
i'm seated. got my water bottle. some hillsong united tunes playin. now it's time to do some editing on the rivers family shoot tonight! 
I'm seeing god in a few hours aka Les Claypool!! 
im seeing people subscribe to my twitter, while ur at it why not subscribe to our youtube   Link on the side
im seeing the hannah montana movie again today 
Im seeing UP in 3D 
I'm selling a 2 month old sprint blackberry curve. Who's gonna get it? I've got two batteries, 2 chargers, and a a hard case. 
I'm selling these 1980's Vintage rare black &amp; white cow print Hotpants / Shorts UK 8-10 on eBay http://bit.ly/1i3DM Happy Bidding! 
I'm sending a Happy Mama's Day shout to the greatest Twit-mama ever to @NikkiWoods... U kick ass, all day - everyday! Lovely sons!! 
I'm sending all my love to you...  â™« http://blip.fm/~7h00v
I'm sending ALL the POSITIVE energy I got to everyone right now. Take it &amp; run with it. Use it to make someone else smile! 
I'm sending my registration for postgraduate studies in Geneva. Let's hope my dreams come true 
Im sending this to my mother!  http://bit.ly/1aa1RF
I'm seriously comtemplating killing Jessie  I can't believe she told him I think he's pretty!
I'm seriously considering buying tickets to @mileycyrus for her dublin show in december! 
i'm seriously lovin 'hometown glory' by adele. about to hop on itunes and snag it 
I'm seriously really tired. Lots of fun today, but also a lot of work done. Victory! 
I'm setting up a website for Brigitte, listening to Orbital, and waiting for my husband to send me photos from the NIN show. 
I'm shamelessly addicted to endorphins  My fix just kicked in after a massive HIIT session at the gym. w00t!!
IÂ´m back - and fetter than before! But that doesnÂ´t matter  Anyway now ^.^
IÂ´m doing a cake! 
IÂ´m exhausted....... I really want to go to my bed and have a really good rest 
IÂ´m finally blonde again! 
IÂ´m going to bed  .
IÂ´m going to fly to bulgaria on monday. sounds funny, i know, but there are 30 degrees 
IÂ´m going to school... hope the math- test will be oke. 
IÂ´m looking forward to the holidays 
iÂ´m off to the party soon. Pics is coming mabey tomarrow  i couldnÂ´t decide what i should wear soo i just took something 
IÂ´m so sorry i never update this.. im going to try to do it more.. i've been so busy lately! I think i need a good spank! 
IÂ´m sorry for my english...tell me please if I do something wrong..thanks  love ya
IÂ´m, dreaming of holiday... work ,work work uff 
''I-Ahhhhh-i-ah won't worry mah life away''      good ol senior mraz 
iam going to the june 20th one in london hell yes iam going, just tell me where. 
Iam smiling 
iam watching tv--&quot;bidai&quot; 
iamdiddy-&quot;I think imma put on a shiny suit today and fly around the world and spread positivity!!!! SHINY SUIT MAN!!&quot; Lol   lol okay diddy
iamdoinnothing.. 
iamfunky @B_Lia ur so addicted to @ddlovato !! whyr u so addicted????????? i know shes wonderful but............................... 
Ian and Evan are giving me wine.  I missed my friends
Ian and I are going to trade food and colour in some colouring books, one day.  I'm excited.
Ian is waiting for a very important pic 
iâ™¥C.B+T.H|| You cant go to sleep at 10 on weekends. Its not normal 
icarly is the greatest ever. 
ICE 72331 to Berlin - quite relaxed atmosphere on board. We're all waiting for the free inclusive service on this train 
Ice Bergers are your only man! 
Ice cold tau huay zui = juz the thing I nd after long day of serving!  And now u noe why I can't call my driving lessons daytona anymore..
Ice cream  text meeee :] http://twitpic.com/5c6dn
ice cream and beautiful music - I'm happy 
ice cream and frisbee in the meadows!  i am so excited, come join if you're up for it 
ice cream and watching weeds 
Ice cream by the river today me thinks 
ice cream crepes 
Im sick , im going to bed now 
Ice Cream is balllinnn!   haha i love ChaCha
ice cream is nice 
ice cream run 
Ice cream sammies make me happy 
Ice cream stop on way home 
ice cream sundae for breakfast, always good 
Ice cream time 
ice cream was good! but the best part was exercise!! :&gt; jogging around core released all the tension talaga! 
Ice cream with Katie 
ice cream with the girls 
ice cream!  with my becca
ice cream+ chealsea lately = 
Ice Lemon Tea, I missed you!! 
ice said that i should say this &quot;Im benz and im an alcoholic!&quot; 
Ice tea baby 
Ice-cream midnight snack  www.modhumanvintage.com
Iced americano! Freeeesh 
Iced Chai Tea Lattes = a drink from heaven 
iced coffee and vanilla ice cream UBER SICK MIX 
Iced coffee win 
Iced gems mmm 
iced tea is fantastic 
Iceland - Holland is about to start. Prediction: 0-2 and a boring game.... Still looking forward to it 
Ich Follow @g5e5m5 
Ich gucke jetzt den Beavis und Butthead Film ... 
Ich habe gerade ca. 6500 redirect Eintrï¿½ge in eine apache.conf kopiert 
Ichat dates r fun  gnight xooo
Ichating with my family!  Oh man I can't wait until I get home!
Icing a sore knee. A bit of a longer run that I intended, loved running those hills, and am now paying for it.  
icing my feet so I'll be ready to do it all over again tomorrow 
I'm sick today, which stinks, but at least I didn't have to go to school and had time to make this account. 
I'm sick, you're tired: just a matter of Calculation, a matter of metrics  ? http://blip.fm/~6iozr
I'm signing off for the night. Please stay out of trouble while I'm gone. I only have so much I can set aside for bail for you guys! ;) 
ickk , now im doing spanish hmwkk . last thing to doo . 
icq -&gt; i seek you  logisch, oder?
icq on iphone works pretty well 
i'd #followfriday but there's a huge list and i don't want to spam....or look like i'm playing favorites...so...you know who you are 
I'd also just like to mention to my 1,610 followers. PLEASE TWEET ME! lol &gt;_&gt; I WILL respond. I enjoy hearing your thoughts and comments. 
I'd do anything just to hold you in my arms 
id forgotten how many fantastic people r in tomb raider 
I'd home from camping trip...it was a lot of fun 
I'd just like to say that i LOVE that i go to Mom &amp; Dad's Dairy Bar to pay my rent 
I'd l0ve a massage right n0w 
i'd lika an invitation, please it looks really great  danikardone[at]gmail[dot]com re: http://ff.im/2P4u1
I'd like to dedicate todays #folowfriday to @EEPaul @Urbanverse and @Nextmoon for making me feel so much better 
I'd like to have sunshine instead of this gray &amp; rainy weather please.  Otherwise I'm doing fine.
im signing out . BRB 
I'm signing out for now as I'll soon be in the sunnier climbs of Birmingham! Can't wait to hit the road and devour a bacon roll  Byeeee! x
I'm simply listening to music... I'm going to cook, wanna eat? 
i'm singing &quot;touch my hand&quot; right now and the rain started to fall. but it's not that bad for the sky to cry. haha 
i'm singing on a battleship tomorrow!! hooray!! and then journeying home...now time to sleep. good night! 
I'm singing songs from mary poppens 
I'm singing to myself 
i'm singing.. and it isn't a good thing. 
i'm single and i'm very happy! lol 
I'm sipping the most delicious drink ever! 
im sitting here laughing so hard @ fmylife.com  haha.
im sitting here super nervous about the chiodos contest, i hope i win!!!! 
i'm sitting in school and i'm BORED. really 
im sitting in the library with marie 
I'm sitting in the sun eating apples dipped in peanut butter! 
I'm sitting in the TU Library waiting for my baby to get here! Today is gonna be a blast! 
i'm skiving in work!  totally cant be bovvered today 
im sleepy.. looking forward to the &quot;black party&quot;  i thinking of a black punky tutu.. would be cute eh?
i'm sleepy...i can't wake up 
I'm sleepyboos. and won that Amazon Giftcard thing 
I'm slightly hungover and I've been up since 6:30am...who's up with me? 
im slowly losing followers one by one. 
im smiling  and im so &quot;kinikilig!!!!!&quot;  the power came back on  finally after 8 hours of brownout -__- haha
i'm smiling right now.  
i'm smiling, cause smiling uses less muscles than frowning.  so smile away.
Im snacking... Lol...with amber... Shes awesome  &lt;3 Dom
I'm so 3008 ; You so 2000 and late 
I'm so addicated to Twitter..  Mom just left to go to a special event her friend is hosting.. Home alone.
Im so bored !! Waiting for tea, and for Nicolle to get here lol 
im so bored and hopping to get more followers 
Im so bored im going to bed. Ehh. Jonas on sportscenter, yes please  they were good. Esp nick &lt;3
im so bored night people  
I'm so bored right now and I see you Miley having all the fun laying by the pool and going to alantas no fair I miss you Miley have fun 
I'm so bored up at work...blah blah blah...and oh so tired!  Already 3 though...6 AM is not too far away!  
im so bored! and ive tweeted like 15 times today. sorry everyone  haha. cant wait for jb's new album &lt;3
I'm so bored! And tennis is not funny to look at, I can tell... But its okay as a sport!  - exam thuesday.. DANISH!
I'm so bored!!! I graduated last night 
i'm so bored, doesn't feel like it's almost summer yet 
I'm so bored. lol and hey vote for archie! 1 more day.. go! vote!  http://bit.ly/PmvRY
I'm so boring right now hikz... so i didn't do anything.... is there anyone who message me? Thx 
i'm so buzzed but sshhh! and talking to all the cops here. they can't tell!  or they don't care because they know me!
I'm so close, I can almost taste the adventure 
i'm so confused with this twitter deal. i'm still attached to facebook. 
I'm so crazy because I love Fabien, no?! 
I'm so definately gonna make it to 400 tweets today 
im so embarrassed for you 
Im so excited 
I'm so excited about this game. I know it's never been done, but this is the season of ever, not never. 
I'm so excited about Thursday.  eep! Oh jesus, I need to find clothes!
I'm so excited and scared about flying the first time with the plane! 
I'm so excited bout this Saturday! Hope Fatin can make it this time 
I'm so excited for Boston!!  after Boston i go to Vermont...so il be everywhere this week!! haha
i'm so excited for the new @Everyday_Sunday CD that released today! seriously one of my favorite bands. those guys rock! 
i'm so excited for tomorrow! woo, school, i wonder if we have training tomorrow, hmm, gtg guys, tty real soon! God bless and take care! 
I'm so excited for when my employers move next week, then I get coffee from Starbucks instead of Tim Hortons.  but w/e, I have a bagel!
I'm so excited I only have to work 3.5 days this week! And then only 3 days next week! 
I'm so excited to go home..  13 hours going to HK, 3 hours stop, 2 hours to Manila, 4 hours stop, then 2 hours to Davao.  whew!
I'm so excited to hear the whole song of &quot;Before the Storm&quot; of Nick Jonas and Miley Cyrus!   
I'm so excited to see New Moon. Nyaaaaaaaa 
I'm so excited to use my 40 dollar chipotle gift card.  thanks Andrew!
I'm so excited! 
I'm so excited! It's gonna be a beautiful day 
I'm so excited! Once I move, i'm gonna try to make some videos for you guys okay!? 
IM SO EXCITED! tomorrow is gonna be all about Hitler and his eerily straight moustache- isn't history fun?! 
Im so excited, AAAAAH 
IM SO EXCITED, im booked all month and my summer is fleeting fast  busy keeps me sane.
i'm so excited.  June EIGHT!!!
I'm so exciteeed, @ecksssy!  Haha!
I'm so exhausted! Well the b shower was amazing and now it's time to party  house party!!! Yay! 
im so exhausted! what a long day but had fun at kats show 
i'm so exhausted, woke up early because robyn and i are going to breakfast. then we're picking brianna up and doing i don't know what 
im so exhausted. after bre and i finish making potato jokes about joe, im hitting the hay. goodnight faithful followers 
I'm so fightn slp right now! &amp;&amp; its so early to b feeln like this! Fuckn melissa!..bt thn agin I had a LONG night! 
i'm so freaking sleepy!! i shall turn in now!  shsall wake up late tmr.. (yarr rite ana waking up late!) LOL! we shall see
I'm so friggin bummed that i can't go to knotts berry farm today, on the bright side i still don't have to go to school 
i'm so fucking excited for Saturday!!! aww my ninnie friends are teh absolute best 
im so fucking good at this shit, i should do 3D animation for a living 
i'm so fucking rich i will buy me a new ray ban tomorrow  hehe
Im so fuking out of my minf drunk. Had 3 quick fuckshots there the best 
I'm so full I might actually explode. A big bowl of moules a la creme. Totally yummy but soooo filling. Might have to sleep it off 
I'm so full, I def recommend Olive Garden to everyone 
im so full.. i love taiwan cafe 
I'm so glad I got to sleep in  Prom was incredible! 
i'm so glad i was able to catch conan before he left nyc ... now i'll just have to catch him out in LA  great job tonight ...
I'm so glad my cars &quot;service engine soon&quot; light turned off. I guess I don't have to turn it in. Hehe  there is a god!
Im so glad that I don't have to stay after school for anything today 
I'm so glad the BBC has #f1 back for many reasons, one of the major being the music that they brought back with them 
I'm so glad to be leaving behind all the nobs at lees brook 
I'm so glad!  U R Rockstars! @marqueemarc Pride was awesome. Exhausting but awesome. I don't know how Gaye Ann does it every year! M*
I'm so gona just eat cereal tonight   ...ok insyaAllah. heh.
im so gone.... see ya...be back tomoorrowww...... im like so bored tho... you know what? ill stay 
I'm so greatful 
I'm so happy about meeting a friend in an hour!! 
im so happy an grateful I was chosen2 host birthday bash 14 with dj drama...thank you see yall there 
I'm so happy chase went to sleep for me 
I'm so happy diversity one.  Haha watched the last of bgt through a strangers window w/ @mollieg111 and Becca
I'm so happy diversity went through! I sat there and cryed that's how happy I was haha 
I'm so happy Diversity won BGT.      And Susan Boyle's reaction was sweet...  But then it got a bit disturbing xD
@Johnathonhock johhhn like I said! I'm the judge of that 
@johnaugust: LOL  You're a real nerd
@johnbellone Always a problem finding time and people, john, always 
@JohnBirmingham Ah awesome. Thanks! 
@JohnBirmingham finished WW... top effort! Now hanging out for the sequel 
@JohnBirmingham Yay, so the nekkid writing is working then?You keep warm now! Am in awe of the 6k - am always cactus by 5. Good luck 
@JohnBlackk Saw The Hangover a few days ago, incredible. Too bad it depicts so many stereotypes of #vegas Vegas is the place to play! 
@johnBLG weee no swine 
@johnboyle we plan on having them every 3 months!  see you at the next one!
@Johnboyy I can't wait. I'm almost physically excited 
@johnbron *jealous* Have fun tonight! 
@johnbron Very niiiice.  A little warm, which is good.
@johnbruin I guess I missed that invitation 
@johnburns72 awesome first tri, by the way 
@JohnCarnell we already started #charitytuesday 
@JohnCassetto Right there with you... 
@johnchidgey Your Apple TV or your children? 
@johnchow @benpfeiffer @jonkelly and so many others, thanks for the help on the contest!  Will keep u posted on http://bit.ly/PeNpR 
@JohnChow thanks for droppin' by my blog! http://socialnetworkinglifestyle.com I really appreciate it! 
@JohnChow You have to stake out garage sales before they &quot;open&quot; if you want anything good. People do that for a living, you know! 
@JohnCleese Ah, &quot;Hello, I'm still alive&quot; videos! Always welcome! 
@JohnCleese I read your post with &quot;New&quot; in front of &quot;York.&quot;  You can imagine how that struck me....! 
@JohnCleese nearly headless nick! 
@johncmayer  @markhoppus  thanks a lot for let a humble mexican read all this  conversation  instant favorite tweets DD
@johncmayer - Ahhh...  Chocolate milk. The drinking staple of serious men.  Strawberry is for pansies!  
@johncmayer  aww. hope your loneliness was remedied by turkey chili!   (well, you are always invited to dine with us, here in Norway. 
@johncmayer  but does the yummy overpower the lonely? That's all that matters 
@johncmayer - I agree! I usually bring a book, magazine or get immersed into an iPhone app  What do you do?
@johncmayer  No John all u need is a Jack&amp;Coke and everything will be fine.  A buttery nipple drink  is even better. 
@johncmayer @johncmayer Omgsh...that dog smells so good 
@johncmayer @roliveratx and I forgive you for your lack of tweets 
@johncmayer ~ I've totally done the same thing before (i.e., trash your tweet and re-write ~ lol  XO
@johncmayer 2nd they motion and pass it 
@johncmayer agree. everyone should try it once in a while..creative ideas may come during this instance. 
@johncmayer Be careful. 
@johncmayer but sometimes all you need is attention 
@johncmayer esther rhymes with: investor, tester, jester, pester, polyester, semester, sylvester, requester... just to name a few 
@johncmayer follow me 
@johncmayer good luck..let the words flow 
@johncmayer Greetings from Austria ... I fell in love with your music a few weeks ago ... looks like it's gonna be a life-long love 
@johncmayer Haha your humor makes me happy 
@johncmayer hello john! we really love your songs.. greetings from the philippines! have a great weekend! 
@johncmayer hey when are you going to release your new stuff? 
@johncmayer hi jcm, what do you think about Hendrx? 
@johncmayer Hi John, I'm a huge fan of yours  I wish you the biggest success! Kisses, Gabriela.
@johncmayer hope you didnt hurt urself! 
@johncmayer How'd you learn that? 
@johncmayer I agree with your new choice of words. Manwhore sounds horrible. 
@johncmayer I love your tweets, u always right grat things that really make u think and that are so true  thank you!!
@johncmayer I think that's what being &quot;truly happy&quot; means. No matter how things may suck, you're still doing fine. 
@johncmayer I will agree with you on that.. 
@johncmayer im listening to in repair &amp; i just wanted to say good luck on your new album! your music has gotten me through tough times 
@johncmayer im with you 100% on that 1 
@johncmayer is $oku..is it what I think..what you referring to here?  http://bit.ly/iaDEn
@johncmayer isn't that better than them saying: &quot;Really? You put out an album?&quot; 
@johncmayer juanitoooooooooo hahahah sorry i had to say that  i love your music and style!!!!
@johncmayer LMAO!! You totally have that ex-geek thing down. I think they should give you a cameo role on The Big Bang Theory sometime 
@johncmayer Look forward to seeing you in OK &amp; US Weekly with your new girl of the week...lol. Have a great weekend 
@johncmayer making you thirsty? 
@johncmayer maybe she's funny like a jester 
@johncmayer my daily routine is to listen to you.. you are a legend! 
@johncmayer no one is mediocre, they just think they are..and if you think you are fab it's the starting point on being it 
@johncmayer NYC misses you too! we will be waiting 
@johncmayer Odd dream. You on a sofa playing a melody on your guitar in a huge empty antebellum mansion. Open windows &amp; a cool breeze. 
@johncmayer oh! that's an adorable baby pic!  looks like you, that you? lol
@johncmayer OMG! your tweets are so hilarious! 
@johncmayer once again, i'm listening to you! 
@johncmayer polyester, protester, quester, semester, sequester...hope this helps 
@johncmayer She was all over that like a fly on honey 
@johncmayer That widewale courduroy'll get ya everytime!  
@johncmayer that's really sweet of your dad  x
@johncmayer There's a GREAT movie on the sci-fi channel right now, you totally need to watch. It's called &quot;Mansquito&quot;...  
@johncmayer try meditating  sounds floaty but it works!
@johncmayer well, @james_gunn ate octopus in a can and cashew butter the other night. I think yours is a bit tastier! 
@johncmayer What does it matter? We ALL love you.  Take your pick. HA!
@johncmayer will $oku by any chance travel to manila? even without you. Lol. 
@johncmayer wow. didnt need to know that. LOL 
@johncmayer You'll be okay as long as you never had that &quot;Not so fresh feeling&quot;  
@johncmayer your dance on TMZ was too funny 
@johncmayer... taking your song &quot;Stop this train&quot; to a while new level with that profile shot. More like &quot;Turn this train around&quot; 
@johncombest ....one of what people?  I am me. plain and simple.  always will be.  
@johncow Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@JohnCrawford1   thanks John.  we are working on it!! 
@johnculberson Me too John! We took our religion with us  ! Doubt anybody in UR house [shd b OUR house!] went to #Tea Parties :0/ ! PRAY!
@johndalton awesome  Lucas is getting interested in cameras already too. Mine are still a little heavy for him. Should let him try the G2
@johndigregorio im sure youll be super sleepy and fall asleep early 
@johndobbs I know the feeling...I just finished...brutal 
@JohnDollin awesome plan  hope you have fun
@JohnDomPaiva Keep at it; practice makes perfect!  It'll take time to draw something you feel proud of, but the end satisfaction is great.
@johndpoole Well coffee is the tie that binds isn't it? 
@johndpyle it was great meeting you and Sally Ann too! Hope you had a great last evening on the beach 
@JohnDraisey Nope, I am giving it a miss - swine flu and all that ;)  I don't want to risk us being unable to finish PJ Shooter 
@JohnEBerry  I want my head on a stick too  
@johneepixels7 Don't worry, I'm sending love your way 
@JohnEstrella ppl are never perfect. For that there are cats 
@johnfaig It's just a game, read the instructions as you go along. I did, have fun! 
@JohnFletcher yea I'll meet you in the town center bit or something 
@JohnFMoore Here is the proof:  http://bit.ly/o4ZOw , keeping post short.    #verbosity
@JohnFMoore My Pleasure 
@johnfoliot I think we all need a oil change wash and wax every now and again 
@JohnFrancisHair beautiful!  Have a wonderful day my friend! 
@johnfurst my avatar is virtual nodding as we speak! 
@johngarcia wow! You mustve got great shots though! The view is awesome 
@johngass I need one bad.  Jebbie dog does a pretty good job at it though 
@johngirvin We never even got season 2 in the HTV region, so none of that shapeshifting crewmember stuff is canon for me 
@johngoldsby I really appreciate the clarity and wisdom your comments bring to any post you comment on. Definitely value-added 
@JohnGrovers Take a look at my facebook group!? http://tinyurl.com/c44c6r Come on in!  x
@johnharkabus so true  and the whole thought of 'saving your self' is really cute. Ha. I saw it on tyra &amp; almost cried :')
@johnharkabus yeah! It's so suckish outside...the mall just sounds fun 
@johnhasson 4 hour fast clipper ride or a 30 minute harbour-to-harbour seaplane ride, pretty cool! Next time then 
@JohnHays hmm, that I don't agree with entirely because I am most creative &amp; vibrant @ night for some reason...but I need 2 sleep too 
@JohnHays Yup! In honor of you 
@johnheffron http://bit.ly/Kwhw9  funny music video 
@JohnHeffron We will be there Saturday!  Little Zingerman's before the show   Can't wait!
@johnhodgins Oh I mean what I am writing, it just isn't very &quot;British&quot; to express thanks and affection 
@johnhood can't wait for some show stopping announcements from them both 
@johnhood my netbook was Â£250 well spent. cheap enuff to not be too concerned about its safety 
@johnhumber Unfortunate for you it wasn't &quot;Bloodsport&quot;. The little guy's great in that  LOL
@johnhummel Good one 
@johnhummel oh I know, I'm just kidding  How'd you feel about the 'age' slider in the dead or alive games? Hahaha.
@johnideal I agree! We'll have to go back very soon. Thanks for a lovely anniversary evening 
@johnilouise They are going well!  Thanks... How have you been??
@johnincolorado my pleasure! 
@JohnInGZ Guangzhou is awesome (mainly b/c my friend @lonniehodge is KING there).  Did u also see NYT article on GZ? http://bit.ly/aeBbt
@johnjayvanes U cant ask to be o? Ghost Whisper...CAMERON MANHEIM really will think youre stalking her. 
@JohnJCampbell sounds like DIC of a microphone 
@JohnJennings your addiction to shaiya is becoming a problem.  i may have to talk to Alex about staging an intervention 
@JohnJiao Thanks JJ 
@JohnJohn_25 oh you know it! 
@johnjolliffe Hiya...how are you today? Sunny there I hope 
@johnkeithhart Thanks, glad you agree wth my follow or not policy 
@JohnKremer sorry to hear that BUT glad it's not just me 
@johnkremer Thanks for the follow, John. Have a good weekend 
@johnkuan it will happen again this weekend with @pronaz &amp; @raj_j_i, and this time you'll be around 
@johnlacey had someone tell me tonight &quot;there are only 2 states to be in, QLD and Pissed&quot; 
@johnlacey Ooh. Thanks  You learn something new everyday.
@johnlaurie73 Thanks! 
@johnleach, @davidsmalley: I was going to say something similar about recovering the file.  
@johnleesandiego not all people who are prolife are like the people you're tweeting about -me for example  i was meant to be aborted too.
@johnlegend Hey You!  How are you?
@johnlegend John, I think it's awesome that you're an inspiration figure for education. Keep up the good work in both music and activism! 
@johnlegend lllloooove walking on the moon  i actually plan on doing that soon ;)
@johnlegend 'teardrops' by womack and womack, you two would bring it alive again! And i'll be there at a show, love your music 
@johnlegend that was the first song me and my hubby danced to @ our wedding  CLASSIC!
@JohnLloydTaylor  are you missing Argentina ? Argentina is missing u so much, come back soon 
@JohnLloydTaylor &amp;&amp;John Taylor is absolutely brilliant! 
@JohnLloydTaylor &quot;It might have been in county down or in New York, in gay Paris or even Londontown..&quot; (Around the World (In Eighty Days) 
@JohnLloydTaylor at home with friends and family? they are the best company ever 
@JohnLloydTaylor aw why r u up so early? (btw every time i say ur name it has to be said like how jb says it in Lovebug)  your the bestt!
@JohnLloydTaylor have fun 
@JohnLloydTaylor I love mine, too . happy motherï¿½s day to your mom , John Taylor  . much love to you, too .
@JohnLloydTaylor I started screaming when I saw you on JONAS. It was so cool! You rock  &lt;3
@JohnLloydTaylor John Taylor! it's great video &quot;Fly With Me&quot; with the good work of JB! greetings from Argentina 
@JohnLloydTaylor JUST RELAX! 
@JohnLloydTaylor Looks like you guys are really working hard for the tour! Love you John Tay!! 
@johnlloydtaylor nice guest appearence on jonas  hahaha
@JohnLloydTaylor whoot! 
@JohnLloydTaylor WIISH @Anne349 HBD 
@johnlloydyoung Which one? Seems the JB blog is asking you for clues 
@johnlogreco  sweet. Does that mean I have to find you another book? Lol
@johnloyola..lovely to meet you, you are awesome 
@JohnLusher @davidspruell @stewartb2b @KimberlyR4U Hope you have a great day 
@JohnLusher my pleasure  I'll toast the day with you this evening with a glass of wine 
@JohnLusher You're most welcome and g'morning to you too! Great to see your smiling face 
@johnmagic2 miss your face 
@johnmaine I am I am Iam 
@johnmaine i can't wait for warped tour either 
@johnmaine I love your songs! your so talented  i saw you at bamboozle and you were greattt
@johnmaine ill play shooting guard. Not even your beastly tall ass can get past me! 
@johnmartinez sorry to reply so late! wish we could visit DL too, but the fam has been sick. maybe next week! hope surgery went well! 
@johnmccrea Any plans for Plaxo to sync with LinkedIn or have an iPhone app. 4 me, that would make Premium Plaxo a no-brainer 
@johnmcginn Hi John! Thanks for sharing that quote! It's soo true 
@JohnMeadows they make it pretty easy to hit the delete button, I tell you whut. 
@johnmerritt w00t filmed in Hoboken, 1 of 4 things we're famous for 
@johnmichaelpix Do I sense sarcasm?  LOL   It's #thankfulthursday!
@johnmijac  10-Q 4 the Re-TW 
@johnmorgan take it easy 
@JohnMu - Thanks for the tip. Did you mean: Only one redirect per a site at any specific time? 
@johnMu Do you have any details on the nofollow?  What happens to the PageRank of the nofollow links? Distributed to the rest of the web?
@johnmurphy01 I played better than last time 
@johnnatn I hear you...We are having a very gloomy day today in LA. Not hot but just not a typical sunny day. So I am home relaxing. 
@johnnelson1 Good  I have business to discuss with you as well!
@JohnNichols Hey john...did you get my email? I am in major need of the Logo's for Route 56 and Building 78. THANKS!! 
@johnnnaa Hi (: It's Jenny lol. But you knew that ahahaa  How are you? 
@johnnnaa those m&amp;ms are now in my belly  thank you
@JohnNoonan it was mentioned in our point by point roundup! we can't wait to learn more about it so we can write JUST about crackdown 2 
@Johnny_131722 H friend! couldn't you come up with a better user name? What's up as of late 
@Johnny_Exp come see me!! 
@Johnny_Exp Finally got to preorder your cd  So excited CAN'T WAIT!
@Johnny_Jitsu ish okee 
@Johnny_Jitsu it makes me like SUPER happy 
@johnny_trouble i like the spoken word, thank you 
@johnnyB182 wow..my thoughts exactly.. 
@johnnybeane aww. love the howman. 
@johnnybeane Awww! We miss you too Johnny! Let's go get some food! 
@johnnybeane I really appreciate that 
@johnnybeane lol I bet he is   have a goodnight! tweet ya later
@johnnybeane 'nite jellyBeane   Will check out Howie's glamourous pic 2morrow
@johnnybeane yes - right up until my UPS started freaking out and I had to reset the workstation. 
@johnnyBee1 nope, happens to me all the time. your brains trying to tell you something 
@johnnycchang too much sugar and cookies! 
@Johnnychag phew! hell of a game! 
@JohnnyCupcakes  You're visit certainly seemed like a Blast! Lots of people out there carrying you with them 
@JohnnyCupcakes Hope you'll enjoy your stay in Paris 
@JohnnyCupcakes The lecture was great  I must say, your abit of a genius! Where was that haunted church? &lt;3
@JohnnyCupcakes The Mayfair is swish, location is good, within walking distance of Piccadilly, Buckingham Palace and all the good stuff. 
@johnnydepalma ok that sounds odd but whatever she likes is the goal i guess, keep em happy 
@JohnnyDeppNews Do you know if theres a UK premiere of public enemies in London?  x
@johnnydeppnews http://twitpic.com/6b7il - i shall be buying that 
@JohnnyDrama28 ill check it out 
@JohnnyDrama28 thank you.....@jean424 we're special 
@JohnnyGable : I highly recommends you join www.m2e.asia You can earn money from free shareholder by dividends. Even you do NOTHING! 
@JohnnyGWeir   I know you'll do well!   Good night~ â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥  ë½€ìª½~â™¥ ;)
@JohnnyGWeir   Sweet dreams, Johnny!  Please show us your nails!
@JohnnyGWeir  I always pray for you  Johnny saranghae~
@JohnnyGWeir Don't worry! You look good in everything!  Are you going to attend the NY premiere on June 11?
@JohnnyGWeir Good morning! Here is the evening in Korea.  Cheer up!!!!!!!!
@JohnnyGWeir ì¡°ë‹ˆ~ Have sweet dreams â™¥ Good night 
@johnnyjots great seeing u too homie! 
@johnnykickstart - thanks!! It was interesting to see what came up but it's also a topic that can bring up some fears for people 
@JohnnyLaird and you Johnny! Happy Monday 
@JohnnyLaird I've probably got 40 years left to work I think it'll go down hill 
@JohnnyLaird morning johnny. have a great day 
@JohnnyLion well there you go. I take it back. I looked at your profile and it just screamed &quot;automated/spam&quot;. Good work then 
@johnnyrcooper I'm still up! 
@Johnnyrecorder Just lovely 
@JohnnyRoberts Aww you're a star Johnny, thanks 
@johnnysewell Thank you. I am doing a workshop at Fossil Rim Wildlife center later this year. Stay tuned... 
@johnnystimson Still? Wow. Your cheese must have been really powdery! 
@johnnyth Yes that's him. He sure could move up the path and through the door before I could stop him! 
@JohnnyThomson2 Sorry x I must be. I should pay more attention! I did love Cold Feet tho 
@JohnnyTyson Cor, I'd love to grow some heather.  If you ever post photos online, let me know! I bet your conifer will perk up in no time.
@johnnyutt Yes, I'm doing very well thanks. I don't think you are in a dry spell, it sounds like you are enjoying the summer. 
@JohnONolan ITV, or BBC, who do you think has the best coverage?  #f1
@JohnONolan yeah. it's 8am now. but i've been up since 6am and been at the office since 7... 
@Johnpaul_88 T.V aren't rly my cup of tea, a bit too clean cut for me, I'm a rock/indie girl at heart but I do like the untouched song 
@johnpc @melwhiteley @regan1976 @yawdogs Well done - wish I could have joined you. Did you get wet? And twitpics please 
@johnpeavoy Yep, and by the same photographer - @sylviephoto. I think I'm due a change 
@JohnPeel i know man, since he got on a full time contract and gets sick pay he is using it to its full potential 
@JohnPeel strange how she always gets &quot;ill&quot; after a night on the booze with her friends... very suspicious!!!  
@johnperrybarlow totally! i'm vegitarian and I'm all about &quot;meatspace&quot; 
@johnpicacio Welcome to Twitter, John!  (it's Randy from SpoCon) 
@JohnPiper I'm a fan of the new picture! I kept getting the side profile mixed up with other people! 
@JohnPrather sorry babe...i didn't see your response until now.  lol.  we went to will rogers near santa monica.  played volleyball 
@JohnQHiemenz Alternate Gothic WAS the helvetica, then helvetica became Helvetica! But yes, it's AG's turn again    ps: TWITTER HAHAHAH
@johnquin Morning! You back to your old self? LOL 
@JohnRaymond4 Both 
@johnreppion Good morning Sir! 
@johnreppion is not! it's @mrtonylee's fault, for not pimping you out to all 1000 of his followers. 
@johnrich I WISH I could go!!! :'( I'll be there in heart!!! I support ya 100%!!!  Big hugs &amp; kisses!!! ;D
@johnrolf out of 1000 
@johnrshanley Good girl! Extra present deserved! It's nice to share your birthday with your mates though 
@johnrshanley turn the telly off for the rest of the day and they might all go 
@johnsgunn - hope you guys have fun! 
@JohnsHopkins Bloodstain on the carpet? Ready to gooo!  http://short.to/3uqb
@johnsonCAB dude, if you got (or are getting) all your hair chopped off, you gotta post a pic.  it's only fair 
@johnsonCAB twitpic so we wont have to make those assumptions 
@johnsonCAB you should tweet more about Pat Brown 
@johnspears22 http://twitpic.com/67o8l - I wish all Britney fans were with me! 
@johnspears22 I know, and she had a smile on her face the whole time 
@johnsyweb I know! Scary! But in a good way 
@johnt1949p Good moning Friend  who are you??
@JohnTheTechGuy hey John, like the frame on your pic, draws attention like a sponsored search 
@johnthurm  thanks.
@johnthurm Do like I do with ants, leave a couple of dead ones there to scare the rest off as a warning 
@johntodor Haha, thank you! And again thank you for your support, we greatly appreciate it. Have a wonderful week 
@johnturek No prob. A tweet worth retweeting! 
@JohnUp ok you've inspired me to finish my book, secret life of bees and even visit the library later today. 
@johnvizzle no prob bob.  did u re-edit them?
@johnwaire already had my Starbucks Mocha 
@johnwdistrict I'd love to come if we can go earlyish.. I have a late appointment. And @yellowlablover I'm sure you're welcome!! 
@johnwilkie  YES WAY!!!!   
@johnwyattedgar i dont really trust the judgements and vouches of @brandy_xo   jk. i'll think about becoming a friend of yours
@johnyeng He makes some valid points and yes, I do agree. That's why we're building @Twunami. Everything he discusses, we're addressing. 
@johnyeng Yep  Hehe, that's right. It's going cool man =D
@JohnyLum ha wow! I'm a genious! 
@JoHoHo No problem, Sir! Have fun 
@johsw I knew you would have to admit that sooner or later 
@Joi_the_Artist After eating diner food and pizza for a week, I'm totally craving organic high end deliciousness. 
@Joi_the_Artist indeed! But it's still the best state 
@JoiChua Thanks for sharing, and remind about not &quot;sweating the small stuff&quot;. I get caught in small stuff sometimes - really not worth it 
@JoieElectric Awesome, i hope to be hearing you on radio 1 if the hospital radio becomes a success  Chloe xx
@JoinMark Have fun at the event!! 
@JoinTheBar There is no such thing as money for nothing... Maybe in Dire Straits song 
@JoinTheImpact oops.... looks like that tag is being used by a privacy forum as well 
@JoJaDhara ty!  you, too!
@jojo_1785 Hey... go for it! If you got it, flaunt it! Go forth and date 
@Jojo_Delicious Tak nak la. Dah offline anyway! xD Ian Crawford was the guitarist for the band The Cab. Leng says hi! 
@Jojo_feat better is marc but how i know you you gonna adore zac 
@Jojo_feat haha twitter and you are friends.  now i can see ur picture 
@JOJO1124 but the pineapple was my fave! i almost bought it just to have one. 
@JOJO1124 that entire cd is just aaah 
@jojo71489 That's what I'm doing  I'll text you in the am with what time my train gets into Chicago
@jojoballz @WickedWalk @taniistump  Haha thanks, guys!  Now I can't wait to read Johanna's!
@jojoflufferWHAT I did. I won a game  I had such an awesome night played some arcade. and all that and had a good laugh with my family
@Jojofrenchy yeah.. i was surprised too 
@Jojofrenchy yes, that was jojofrenchy effect and me studying french for once 
@jojoisqueen if you like 2 laugh..have a good time..follow me..its just that simple 
@jojojives Thankyou very much my friend !!  Working hard away trying to help everyone with my new Academy 
@JoJoMace Yup - I'll be in on Monday as normal - ten till half 5 
@jojomckean Thank you! 
@jojomckean WOW!! I love you're new pic 
@jojomt did your hear the eminem song we made you, that cool u have to listen  xD....
@jojomufasa ah i see, same as last weekend then? or is there no official placement 
@jojomufasa ah i see, same as last weekend then? or is there no official placment 
@JoJoS827: @Tlehane24  I'd love to see someone juggle tiki torches! I can do torches, but havent tried tiki 
@jojoushi [Mint Paper]is an indie music/record label in Kor. maybe you can search the name of artists in [Mint paper] on Utube/Google! 
@JoJoWright ask your mother. 
@JoJoWright Did you find your pants? 
@jojowright http://twitpic.com/4w24f - ooh, nice score, jojo! 
@jojowright I will bring you cases of mountain dew if you give @_Slamma_ 2 tixs to see taylor swift! 
@jokalew health &amp; safety always get themselves involved don't they. Nowt wrong with a bit of caber tossing! 
@jokevn @_joanna Yeah, no kidding there! If we were less ashamed of this mess we could have posted some pictures! 
@jokoy haha how funny i just texted him saying hi because i was watching no doubt tonight 
@JoleAron I've been doing sketch comedy for about 8 years and improv for 3 years! 
@joleeen @tristamyers @mikekus @keirwhitaker @willby Good luck at FOWA Cambridge today! See you in Bristol  #fowatour
@JoleenB_3 lol joleen your funny  I'm like hyper already . . And the party doesn't start for six and a half hours still ! !  
@JoleenChaney you went to a lot of trouble for romy &amp; michele. hope they were worth it!!! 
@jolene193 - Its the Cup Final; it must be watched in a pub. I've gone for the Corn Exchange, accompanied by a steak 
@jolenejaye I believe in you!  And coffee!  
@jolenenatalia awwww damn straight!  have a great time! Take too many pics haa we can compare!
@JoleniexSmalls I stopped Twittering about the Lakers hours ago 
@jolhate - NICE!!! hahah awesome movie. I need to enjoy my Sunday with my parents and get off this computer 
@JoliciousJewels i'm making the most of it 
@JoliciousJewels thanks 
@jolicloud Define &quot;very soon&quot;  I'm very excited to start playing with it...
@jolicloud feel the love 
@jolicoquelicot i think my neighbors are secretly playing some music that are getting the birds in the mood.  watching joel.  
@joliebelle   i'm so excited for you!!!   also, i miss you. so maybe you need to know that ur loved??  have a great next 4 days!
@joliechose I just sent one!I love when I see on my bill &quot;sms to North America&quot; &lt;333 and yes,Coke is the best medicine 
@JOLIESOEXOTIC 
@Joliet68 i didnt know xp could shut down at a scheduled time 
@jolinsdell Hmm? Sounds like you need to do a travel guide to navigating the mercato for us 
@joliowave that requires unlimited shopping spree &amp; plastic surg 4 repairs 
@JoLoPe    I was saying should do rather than right thing to do. Should meaning that I have made certain committments.
@JoLoPe  thanks
@JoLoPe *waves* &amp; *hugs* Hope you are having a super fantastic day!! 
@JoLoPe definitely.  Some people have seemed good from an initial glance at their feed, but reality has shown otherwise 
@JoLoPe i am really excited!! I am looking forward to it!! 
@JoLoPe I will send you something later today or tomorrow. Thank you for the opportunity. 
@JoLoPe LOL. You may have to ask her ... I can't answer that question for you. 
@JoLoPe Oh, cool, thanks! And the LINC sounds cool; I'll hit you up with that tomorrow, as I'm about to end my online night 
@JoLoPe you never responded..lol. 
@JoloveMcFLY haha! sounds good!!  x
@jolphoto hehe! It stands for &quot;For The Win&quot; and is a gaming term (I'm not a gamer though!)  [so it's a good thing, unlike wtf haha]
@jolson Evenings are OK, but during the day is fine, too. I'm serious when I say I use them as my office. 
@joltonline  Thanks , will report anything I find from this fine day of gaming 
@jolynaaa yes! BUT FIRST! home quarantine for you. boo. damn H1N1. hahah. lets go to the movie! 
@JoLynneValerie That's funny JoLynne! How did she convince him to help in the first place? Food or money?    http://myloc.me/2Wkd
@JoLynnHawthorne  Why did you abandon us?  
@JolyRodriguez Ojaio!! Buenos Dï¿½as....thatï¿½s fashion pic..love it 
@JolyRodriguez You're older than me. LOL I'm 23. 
@JoMaltby exactly 
@JoMaltby Of course I'm only joking, it will be a hellish process just as it is for everyone 
@jomanlk You can practice your eskimo customs in the Artic - HERE you have to say 'Excuse Me&quot; 
@JomarGarcia ; @followersflood ; @LinIsnia ; @rosamondBraxton ; @TiaSmith85 -&gt; thanks 4 following ; i hopes my updates useful 4 you 
@jomasta When do the Netflix app improvements get rolled out? 
@jomat18 awh, thanks hubby. 
@jomekripel so do i, the server keep crashing :/ CPU load at 120 instead of the normal 1 -4 
@jomonjin What you got planned for this account, anyway? 
@Jon_Favreau &quot;never worked on a sequel&quot; Maybe that's what we need to have a sequel live up to the first? Either way, can't wait! 
@Jon_Favreau but you make millions so its worth it right 
@Jon_Favreau Can't wait to see it Jon!   #IronMan2
@Jon_Favreau Hey you should do some filming in Monaco! Then you have an excuse to go back and it's free 
@Jon_Favreau http://twitpic.com/2x2e6 - That's awesome! 
@Jon_Favreau Now that I now you're an owner, I'll try it out! There's one here in Roseville, CA! 
@Jon_Legler why don't I ever get responses from you??  kidding
@jon_read thanks! nope, bypassed the D5000...it isn't enough camera for me 
@Jon_Tran Pink Lemonade sounds good. Yum. 
@Jon_W_Turner i know right!! &quot;time warp&quot; is still my favourite 
@jon182x brilliant!! That'll be great 
@Jon7BS yay very exciting 
@jon8737 anyday, anytime 
@jon8737 sounds like my night! hope you rested well anyway 
@jonahandjude I am so glad to hear Lesh is recovering. 
@jonahlantern good, i saw he was giving away tickets earlier at some point, maybe you'll get lucky. 
@JoNahMe hmm that sounds familiar! 
@JonahStahl the cow says: MEOW 
@jonalfredsson for sure! Count me in, that sounds exciting! Thanks for the follow and have a great weekend 
@jonas brothers: i love u in your next tour please come to venezuela! 
@Jonas_babe woo! im getting mine on monday,cant wait  x
@jonas_bros_fans oh yeah  and jb's are in night at the museum 2?! yaaaay!!!!
@Jonas_Dreamgirl awesome, shall see you there then     i'm off twitter for now  i'll be on ffe and myspace though 
@Jonas_Dreamgirl hey can you join this jb fansite please? it's for western australians  http://jonasbrotherswa.ning.com/ invite peeps too!
@Jonas_Dreamgirl I know they are sooo sweet and I love all the new songs! 
@Jonas_Dreamgirl Ooh cool  Ughh i want to see the MTV awards soooo bad :S
@Jonas_Fans aww thanks!! 
@Jonas_Limor i second that!! 
@Jonas_Limor well i thought you were going to sleep...haha o well my bad.. thanks for calling me cute..aww thats so sweet  lmao
@jonas_twilight3 hahaha I'll enjoy the shows.. but fun at work NOT! lol well maybe sometimes 
@jonas_twilight3 hahaha wow! Its late where you're at.. its bearly 12:14 here 
@jonas_twilight3 im still sick but much better. thanks  well im soo bored &amp; twiiter doesnt work very well :/
@jonas_twilight3 it does stink.. except for the part where they pay me.. lol  I work at a KMart near my house =\
@JonasAustralia hehehes  im watchingg masterchef right now... likee you wanna know =.=
@JonasAustralia I bought that last w/e on iTunes 
@JonasAustralia I just heard before the storm with miley 
@JonasAustralia i voted like ten times 
@JonasAustralia i've seen it like 2 x lol i wanna c it again  DID YOU GUYS SEE FRANKIE!??!
@JonasAustralia ohh k kool thanks for the reply  are you guys in the finals??
@JonasAustralia pleasure! 
@Jonasbrohers / Jonas I'm completely in love with you. Come back to Rio  When you can answer me !
@jonasbroslover yeah JB are here im gunna go to the premiere of their 3d movie tomorrow 
@jonasbrother heyyyyy   just thought id let u know me and nick fell in love at madison square garden
@JonasBrother_NJ you guys are so call doing this  what was the hardest song to write ?
@JonasBrother_NJ: btw, planning to sing in spanish anytime soon?  I can teach you to sing &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; hahahaha 
@JonasBrother_NJ: hi,how are you going? 
@JonasBrother_s they are stars the best ones 
@Jonasbrothers  cannot wait for the new album guys ! xo from argentina 
@Jonasbrothers  can't wait for tomorrow !
@Jonasbrothers  I love you eith McFly it's like PERFECT
@Jonasbrothers  I love you too, it was the best night of my life! Thanks for coming  OH, and the argentina t-shirt looks very cute on you!
@Jonasbrothers  i love you!!!!!!!!!    
@Jonasbrothers  July 25tj
@Jonasbrothers  My favorite song now is 'Fly with me'. That song is amaziing guys! 
@Jonasbrothers  my sister and i saw night at the museum 2 tonight &amp; yall's animation was amazing! soo cutesy 
@Jonasbrothers  OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!SOOOO EXCITED.......  
@JonasBrothers  Paranoid 
@Jonasbrothers  u r 3 awesome, guyz!! God bless 
@Jonasbrothers #jonas-heybaby Oh, and by the way, HEEYYY BABY! haha. It was there, so I took it. 
@Jonasbrothers #jonas-keepitreal #jonas-paranoid those are my favorite songs.......all of them! 
@jonasbrothers #jonas-WWIII was my fave! 
@Jonasbrothers #whatdididotoyourheart is the best song 
@Jonasbrothers ---&gt; jonas brothers you have made my day  see you june 15th!
@Jonasbrothers &quot;don't let 'em get inside of your head&quot;  loving LVaTT  you guys are awesome!
@Jonasbrothers &quot;Paranoid&quot; ... OMG.. I Love this song!!  &quot;Hey Baby&quot; It's so pretty!! 
@Jonasbrothers .. meant good by the way, not god  oopsies xx
@Jonasbrothers : when u all visit indonesia? 
@Jonasbrothers @JohnLloydTaylor @greggarbo @ddlovato Have fun. 
@JonasBrothers + @ddlovato - were beyond amazing, first ever concert and it was seeing them NEVER forgotton guys you were amazing! 
@Jonasbrothers 8-) Thought i wud give you my 600th update  XxXx
@Jonasbrothers ahhh that is because u guys probably haven't tried Cuban Pizza 
@Jonasbrothers Ahhh!!!!, I LOVE you all soo soo sooo much.  
@Jonasbrothers Ahhhhh, i am getting it today with my friend, i am so excited!!!!  I love you guys 
@Jonasbrothers all of the songs are awesome! 
@Jonasbrothers already RSVPed   can't wait!
@Jonasbrothers AND BEFORE THE STORM AND PRANOID AND POISON IVY AND OMG I LOVED THEM ALL CAN'T WAIT TIL JUNE16  PLZ REPLY U'D MAKE MY LIFE
@Jonasbrothers and im excited! tomozzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzo  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
@Jonasbrothers And we LOVE Kevin! 
@Jonasbrothers argentina brazil!!! bla bla =( im from mexico but i cant wait 
@jonasbrothers awee, that's my favorite song  i'm still thinking of something nifty to do at my concert that's peter pan related. ideas?
@Jonasbrothers aww he is like the cutest dog ever! 
@Jonasbrothers aww i love you too 
@Jonasbrothers Awwww.. They must love you too! 
@Jonasbrothers Black Keys, Hey Baby, Much Better, Don't Charge Me for The Crime. &lt;3333 
@Jonasbrothers BON VOYAGE!!  hahaa I love you so much guys! and see you in 4 days! 
@Jonasbrothers CALL ME 
@Jonasbrothers can not wait guys... 
@JonasBrothers can't tweet u my fav song cuz i can't choose ! I didn't hear all the full songs  to decide 
@Jonasbrothers Can't wait for the album. It's going to be amazing. 
@jonasbrothers can't wait for the new album &lt;3 but i just don't like miley cyrus on it. but whatever, i love you so much 
@Jonasbrothers can't wait to see you guys this summer and can't wait for the show tonight!!! 
@JonasBrothers Can't wait to see you. 
@Jonasbrothers Can't wait!! 
@jonasbrothers cd come out tomorrow!!! 
@Jonasbrothers Centainly is the best game, I really love Ping Pong since I was a child 
@Jonasbrothers congrats once again. haha. i'm lovin' it.  you guys are the best! &lt;3 come to singapore pleeeease.
@Jonasbrothers Congratulations on your new album being realised today 
@jonasbrothers could you possibly give me a copy of LVATT early? please and thank you  lol xx
@jonasbrothers covers @katyperry's Thinking of You. @itschristablack on violin. I love it  http://bit.ly/Hiq9
@Jonasbrothers Dear Nick, Joe and Kevin - I love you all   i am from Denmark and i will ask you When you will come to Denmark
@Jonasbrothers definitely WW3.  it has this dance funk feeling to it 
@JonasBrothers don't charge me for the crime and I'm hooked on paranoid now! 
@Jonasbrothers except yours? The Escapologist by Sugarlum Fiary  Love You.
@Jonasbrothers excited for all of us to see it? so am i 
@Jonasbrothers favourite song has to definately be 'paranoid' and absolutely love the new video  x
@JonasBrothers Fly With Me Music Video PRemiere Tonight at 8 on Disney Channel 
@Jonasbrothers fly with me, paranoid, black keys and much better!  can't wait for the album!
@jonasbrothers For sures, will totally watch ''Jonas'' tonight. The previews have been funny &amp; cool! haha 
@Jonasbrothers GAH! 30 And a half hours!!!!    
@Jonasbrothers Good luck guys! It's gonna be awesome  but please come back to argentina soon! we miss u!
@jonasbrothers got LV&amp;TT in the mail earlier today. its amazing. 
@jonasbrothers got the album in the mail today  &amp;a poster. ITS AMAZING! Hey baby&amp;turn right&amp;before the storm are my faves. Nicely done!
@Jonasbrothers greta!  i love you guys. â™¥
@Jonasbrothers guys i loved the webcast.. u are great never change!! is so good you share time with fans..  
@Jonasbrothers guys im so excited!!!  REALLY EXCITED! I can't wait! aaaah ? ? ?
@jonasbrothers guys tweet plzz it was awsome to hear from u  love always Alanna
@Jonasbrothers Guys! I can't wait to see them on July 31!!   I love you so much!!!
@Jonasbrothers haha! great! have fun!  Lene.
@Jonasbrothers haha. that game is so much fun 
@JonasBrothers Happy Mother's Day Mrs. Jonas! Have a great day and enjoy it!  Love, Amanda
@Jonasbrothers Heeeeeeeeey Jonas, just 3 hours left for LVATT and my b-day 
@Jonasbrothers hey guys Ioove you soo much, pre-ordered the cD can't wait for  it  &lt;3
@Jonasbrothers HEY GUYS! I am a big fan too  just like my twin @sarahmostafa ... lol.. Have a good day! and wishin' ya the best of luck!XD
@Jonasbrothers Hey guys1 I'm gonna buy your album on Saturday!  i'm so excited! I love you Nick!
@Jonasbrothers Hey I am, like, incredibly excited for your show's premiere tonight!! Yay!  I've been waiting forever.  &lt;3
@Jonasbrothers hey jonas   How are you?
@Jonasbrothers hey there when are u gonna post the dates for the asia tour?? i am dying to know  much loves &lt;3 anne
@Jonasbrothers hey you guys sounded amazing today. first time my friend and i have ever seen you live and it was perfect  Love, Kaitlyn
@Jonasbrothers hey!! I got LVATT today 
@Jonasbrothers Heyahh Jonas Brothers! Goodluck to your careers! 
@Jonasbrothers heyy boys  how are you! i miss you guys soooo much!!
@jonasbrothers heyyyyo mr. president... #jonas-poisonivy i think, but it's hard to tell from only a short clip of it 
@Jonasbrothers Hi Jonas Brothers! I really really love your songs...I'm looking forward for you to come here in the Philippines...heehee 
i needa get something 4 fathers day. . . i sorta forgot about it 
i needa not leave my phone in the bed on vib when im sleep. straight woke me up! now im up, so whats up?! 
I needed some time outside with the sun .. a lot of stupid phone calls, problems again.. but I feel better now 
i neeed to read new moon ahh!! @carlycassara steal me kay's copy and send it to me? k thanks 
i neeeeed to go to sydney on thursday.....hot 30.....short stack....playing naked ;)   fdiogjkfgikl fuckkkk 
I neeeeed...11 more followers to get to 100 haha. 
i never felt alone the day i met you 
I never get sick worrying about exams... except for now!! ahhhhhhh 
I never get tired watching Susan Boyle's performance. It's inspirational. 
I never have to do a maths exam ever again. Ever. + it's sooo sunny  Ahh
I never knew how talented I.K.T.P.Q was until now 
I never knew there was a brand of ibuprofen called 'Brufen Retard' - I got a good chuckle out of that for about two minutes 
i never lie ecpecially to myself because then i dont believ in my self and thats just wrong so im right 
I never like Air France. 
I never meant it boy! - LOL 
I never noticed how big my eyes were before O.o BGT final yay  If susan boyle wins i think i may kill myself. she looks like a badger.
I never said I was always right 
I never saw RuPaul's Drag Race....but the reunion is the best reality tv reunion... 
I never thought I'd like a sport that wasn't fake, involved some kind of sled or was played on a table but tennis is awesome!! 
i never thought i'd say this but omg twitter IS FUN 
I never thought someone as beautiful as you would ever talk to me, but u did! So thank you Monet!  @monetmonico
i no longer miss my happy eyes! 
I now be taking requests. If anyone wants a song remixed, @reply me  Might take me a while since mum takes the laptop again today.
I now have 2 puppies: a Maltese &amp; a Yorkie! Hopefully they'll get used to each other soon. 
I now have 2 twitter accounts I can not use...  
i now have a banner on my myspace profile  check it out 
I Now have a new favorite song ! Starstruck by Ladyy GaGa 
i now have a two person family 
i now have every song Heidi Montag has ever released. 
I now have Skype and have found a mic on my laptop 
I now have this weird hole in my mouth and it hurts! But eating frozen yogurt and popcicles all day doesnt seem to bother me... 
I now have work to enjoy for the next 9 hours... I have to keep a smile on my face though.. 
I now know the Hoedown Throwdown. 
I now know who MY real friends are and they are lovely 
i now like.................someone named............... not telling 
i now love livin` this life with an inspiration. 
i now officaly love the southern 100 road racing 
I now officially live in weatherford 
I now officially own a rainbow feather boa 
i now pronounce you CHUCK and LARRY on HBO 
I now use @tweetie instead of @tweetdeck even though Tweetdeck has more features.  All because Tweetie makes me feel happy when I use it 
I offer no &quot;get rich quick&quot; scheme - just help if I can and perhaps a smile, and hopefully some inspiration...and you do the same for me 
I officially &lt;3 my hood! 
i officially give up on singing 
i officially hate my sister 
I officially have a serious problem with my scalp. 
I officially have discovered a new hairstyle that I love.  [3 June 2009] http://tinyurl.com/q4yvjr
i officially have more followers than people im following  they're random people who probably add everyone but meh, they love me really.
I officially have the worst tan line EVER! Darn Blue Angels and there goodness! 
I often wonder how I can spend so much money at the store and then I remember...It's because I have kids 
I only #ff my faves and people I have tweeted with! check them out! 
I only got like four hours of sleep  and i'm bouncing off the walls. Haha.
I only got to see the very end of rove. did Judith Lucy whip out her vagina and boob jokes? wouldnt be surprised, but shes so funny-weird 
I only have four followers so what the hey.  Thanks for the support guys means a lot  Yes way Rach!
i only have one more report left  thank goodness. work at 5, i can't wait 
I only smoked 1 blunt w/homies today, all the rest was spent meetin &amp; smokin with new ppl. Weed brings ppl together  good 420!
I only spent fifteen bucks and I got a backseat full of stuff 
I only start school at 11 this whole week.  then roadtrip to myrtle beach thurs.
I opned my blinds and i think i saw some1 walking in front of the yard! dis is the last time im opening my blinds at nite 
I opted out of the movies and staying in with a book instead  Hope everyone had a happy and relaxed Sunday!! Night world!! xo
I ordered the new iPhone today 
I overembellish. Just a little too much. Solution? Embellish rediculously so people know im just straight bullshiting 
I owe Kaitlyn an arm and leg for driving down to Bothell to pick me up 
I owe such a debt to the person who invented coffee..... 
I owe you this 
I own my brother's computer tonight. 
I own my happiness!! God is great! Today will be ï¿½ber productive 
I painted my fingernails PURPLE!!! 
i painted my toenails black. 
i painted my toenails yellow today, cause its finally summer  thats acceptable, right?
I painted this portait http://twitpic.com/3te0k of @Puniho Paul Hutchinson earlier this year. Welcome to Twitter Paul! 
I painted this portrait of @Puniho Paul Hutchinson for the Wai Portrait Awards. Welcome to Twitter Paul! 
I pass pregnant high schoolers on my way to work several times a week, yet still feel like MY friends are too young to be parents already 
i passed all e pracs i did 2day. min 90%  gd progress me! better keep it up to pass evaluatn &amp; e real thing!
I passed all my exams!! Oh yayyy! 
I passed all of my exams  just gotta hear back about the PhD!!
i paused the tv for twenty minutes, i can't wait for the homemade jaffa cakes 
I pick the good ones 
I plan on doing nothing this morning except sitting on my deck by the pool. Oh, and chasing Parker around the yard. And later, napping. 
I plan on watching the OC from start to finish. 
I plan to at least finish one piece of homework before bed 
I planted my sunflower garden! I can't wait for them to start growing!! 
I planted our weeping willow. Watching persuasion before bed. 
I play Expert on Guitar Hero and i have a ps3.....  BUT im gona go play my real guitar, play Wolf and Man by metallica 
I played a few more rated Arcanists games! Rating is now 2,006  I gained 206 rating today!   highest ever is 2096 so almost back to that!
i played a hot hamlet and an adorable Nora. YAY me.  teehee.
I played soccer today. Haven't done that since college. I love it so much 
I played wii for the FIRST time andddd it's fun. I want oneeee thanks 
i poke her face  http://tinyurl.com/dy2pog
I poped for the  first time in months yesterday  thanks rod rod
I posted a small video on YouTube: http://bit.ly/17SQ0l  I think it's cute. 
i prayed over this one &amp;&amp;* i feel sorta relieved now 
i predict: today shall be a good day. 
i prefer driving at night, it's much prettier 
i prefer the books though, no offence actors  im over people saying &quot;i love twilight&quot; when theyve only seen the movie, your only a fan if
I prefer Twitter to every other social networking site. Yeaaah 
I prepare for a great golf day. 
I prepare to go to the gym  
I pretty much eliminated my online presence this weekend. Deleted all my accounts. You lucky people get to keep me though.  
i pretty much hate school. the only reason i go is my friends, like @shabbihus,  do you guys like school answer me 
I pretty much just got paid to watch 'Grey's Anatomy' - Oh the joys of babysitting 
i probably gave @chestersee all his music plays today on myspaceee.  lovely, just lovely.
I promise all the people that are new to following me that I will talk to you guys tomorrow.Thanks,in advance.&amp;don't be shy,talk to me! 
I promise never to miss him again, and I'm keeping my promise 
I promise the winner post is being posted...I've been trying to upload the video. Blogger is having some issues. Bear with me please 
I proudly declare that i no longer haf 'live fish' phobia. Lol. I love em fishies.. 
i purposely stopped updating my facebook status, tweeting, etc. for a few days and i enjoyed it.  a lot.  
I put a rush on that one knowing it would be a high-demand item. retweet at will. 
I put extra fabric softener in the washing machine. My jacket feels nice 
I put up some pictures on Facebook for my friend Donna 
I put you in the beach house, right on the edge of costa rica. 
I quickly remembered this morning why Between the Buried and Me is still my favorite band. 
i quit smoking  woooo. day 1, no cigarettes. let's see how long i can last....
I R Level 57  on my Tarcher &lt;3
I randomly feel the urge to tell you my favorite Mayday Parade song.  It's a tie between Jersey and Ocean and Atlantic. (:
I rather like Eminems music, I think this song is rather good  I enjoy it.
i reaally like my new pic! 
I read " Angels & Demons " first and am now onto " The Da Vinci Code " which so far is awesome.
I read &quot;The Picture of Dorian Gray&quot; by Oscar Wilde (on english). It's not easy for me but I try to make out 
i read marked sooo good &gt;.&lt; i just started da second book...just as good as da first. finally got back from colorado sooo glad to be home 
i read my first Alex/Zack slash fic last night. not bad. I've found my favorite Alex/Jack fic, btw  theres actually 2. but whatevs. haha.
I read some of &quot;The Screwtape Letters&quot; last night and I love it so far! It really makes me think... 
I read the &quot;Teenage Life of a Secret Siren&quot;. Again. It made me cry a little 
I realise, that putting serious social commentary on Twitter, at 0800, is inappropriate.  I will work now, and see you all later.
I realised u wer here cos Alhad started 'following' me, and I noticed u on his prof 
I realize now I have a gift and one that I would like to share with the world. I'm still young; I've got time. 
I realized they I love tinkering on he Harley. Tech geek as frustrated mechanic could be scary!!! 
i realllllly like this song! 
I reallllllyyyy don't want a History exam tomorrow. I can't remember anything. :| English was good though. 
i reallllyyyy want some mcdonald's right now. bout to see if daddy will go get some.  wish me luck. haha. 
i realllyy wish @spencerpratt would shut up  he is the one that makes the hills badd what a freeekin FAGGG!
I really am living the good life 
I really am signing off this time...LOL nite ya'll 
I really am very lucky to have met my favourites. Not many people can say &quot;hey, I've met the most amazing people in the world.&quot; 
I really appreciate the maine right now haha 
I really didnt sleep much last night ï¿½_ï¿½ shower time 
I really dig Spur-Of-The-Moment plans now! 
I really do thrive on sun 
I really don't know what to do right now. What do you think? Write a song? Or a poem? 
I really dont know why, but i just love yhe smell of Home Depot. 
i really don't like B&amp;B's that only serve breakfast from 8 - 9am, it's been a long time since the last time i got up that early 
i really don't wanna go back home... at the beach 
I really don't want to sleeep through another day.. No words are better than &quot;I love you&quot; &lt;3 C+E 
i'm so happy DIVERSITY won!  they were deffo the best!
i'm so happy for the best villain award  !!!!
IM SO HAPPY I COULD SCREAM, CRY, &amp; SHOUT!!!!!!!!!!!! 
im so happy i found some one who wants to move slow mentally, but not physically. as i do.  fine uhh leee
i'm so happy it's sunny out today  there's been waaay to much rain lately!
I'm so happy I've found this 
i'm so happy right now!  
I'm so happy right now. I really came to realize i love those familymoments. I've got the best family. 
i'm so happy that my boyfriend, @baugli, has a twitter account already, follow him too 
i'm so happy the flue haven't reach my country yet, no one here has it  thanks god!!
I'm so happy the Wings are up 2-0  Never thought that'd happen. My being happy I mean
I'm so happy there's nobody in my place, instead of me 
Im so happy this morning...listening to JUST DANCE by Lady GaGa makes me happy, Im dancing in the kitchen while making cookies 
I'm so happy to be here!!  time of my life
I'm so happy to finally have heard from Seth. Like months of no contact and I missed him but hoorah! A contact email, he's still alive! 
I'm so happy to find q80 twitter community 
im so happy today. 
I'm so happy! 
I'm so happy! After Emilie's party has been canceled I can visite Teri this weekend! I miss watching movies in his bed all day! 
I'M SO HAPPY.... I'M EXCATLY WHAT THEY NOT...  I'M SOMETHING ELSE!! 
im so happy....Roger Federer won the French Open 
I'm so highhh 
I'm so hungry ...can somebody bring me some food ...DM for the address to my office 
I'm SO hungry! Thank goodness it's almost dinner time! Got to get ready for school tomorrow. Oh wait...it's summer time!!! LOL 
I'm so hungry. Am waiting for Crystal to come back from Railmall!  My BCM!
im so hungry....what should i eat??? 
Im so hyper right now! Omg Yay for tha spice girls 
I'm so impressed...I'm already out of the house running errands 
I'm so in love and inspired...I don't know why? 
I'm so in love w/yooou&lt;3 aha ilove you babe, Happy 1yr and 4months 
I'm so in love wiff my niece .. she's dha best just like her mommy !! luv yu sanai 
i'm so in the lalaland 
im so in to youuuu. 
I'm so lazy to check on my facebook. *yawns* better hurry update blog and go to bed. Anyways meeting Andrea &amp; Silver tmr ! *yay* 
I'm so lazy, I'm looking for some kind food under my bed (its dirty down there)  no jokeee!
I'm so legit with my clip board 
I'm so living for JOE from atropolis!!!  yaya.... had a blast with da peeps 2day!!! 
I'm so looking forward to it 
I'm so loving this. 
I'm so lucky I don't have to cook 
I'm so lucky to have such a wonderful mommy. I love her.  Happy Mother's Day!!!
im so making scambled eggs when i get home in 2 hours 
im so new!! and i need ur help 
im so obcessed with watching hannah montana haha 
I'm so pity her.It's very embarrassed.But I still love her  ?
I'm so proud of myself, I cleaned my room and threw away all the useless school crap. I think I deserve some ice cream 
I'm so ready for Justin to get here!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm so ready for November! 
Im so ready for summer... freakishly tired 
i'm so ready for the end of tomorrow 
i'm so ready for this DAVID Summer to kickoff! 
Im so ready to go home now! Ready to hit the gym and work on these abs! 
I'm so ready to present my junior project. Goodnight. 
I'm so satisfied and proud of my new expensive hair cut!! 
I'm so shocked that I have lost 3.3 pounds. I guess walking does help after all. 
i'm SO SICK of school. Can't wait for this summer; TOAL WHITE-OUT TINGS. 
i'm so sick. :-&amp; i've been taking a lot of pills since yesterday!! haha. drugs anyone ?? HAHA lol 
I'm so sleepy, what a day to just lay in bed. 
im so sleepy...headin to airport...comin back ny...how r u guys so far??  cnt wait to com home...hey andy i did cook last nite though
I'm so so so so tired. I wish I could sleep all day! Good luck to @harrythelime for her last exam  woop wooooop!
I'm so so so tired! Unbelievable how tired i am! Children are amazing! My first photographing in playschool is over! 
I'm so so sooo excited to have @missdani88 on Twitter! Welcome my love!  You should follow @Kerrick2 aka the Godfather. lol
i'm so so sorry that i'm not come to NIKICIO VOL.04 IN TRIBUTE @nikicio for sure, i really want to see your collection 
I'm so sore from dancing all night last night. It was fun though 
IM SO SORRY TWIN!! I LOVE YOU!!!! I txtd 'I love you(:' to you! dat was my way of saying &quot;i'm going hme early yea? skipping asa!  LOVE U!&quot;
i'm so special that  @Xaviermagnus tweets about me 
I'm so spoiled. Now I have a diamond braclet to match my necklace. Aweeeee.  
im so stoked right now!!!!!!!! she gets to come~ whoop whoop!!! 
I'm so tired but so awake! OOOOH WEEEEE  http://i40.tinypic.com/wwj2j8.png
I'm so tired from having an amazingly fun day @ seabreeze with my girls! But I must stay up to watch SNL 
Im so tired Im feeling so confused about alot of Things, oh well ill see what happends 
I'm so tired right now. I think I'm gonna crash. Goodnight twitter! I'll probably tweet tomorrow. 
i'm so tired right now... no joke. so much fun today hangin wit da peeps ;3 waiting now; love 
im so tired today. i want to lay in a bed full of boys and just have hugs  sounds so good, probably look even better.
im so tired yet i did absolutely nothing today..going to take a nap 
Im so tired, wanna head to bed so goodnight 
I'm so tired. The next stop on this train is finally mine. Can't wait to go to bed. Night tweeps 
I'm so tired... x.X such a stressful day...but a great 
I'm so tired..omg...happy bday 2 me 
i'm so tireddd. next weekend  &lt;3
i'm so tuckered out from todays activities  really fun. I like a mid day nap is in order 
I'm so using Miss @Alyssa_Milano 's words and say: until we tweet again 
I'm so very hungry, any fancy buying me Mc Donalds! 
i'm so very tired, i think i'll take it east today...don't plan on doing too much 
im so wrapped, havin an interview 2morrow!  n chose some really cute things 4 my apartement!
im so0 happy that i cnt take off the smiLe out of my face..  feeLs g0od wen ur inLove.
Im soo Bored! theres Nothing to do! i could go watch Mcfly Live At Wembley! .. Again like for the 7th time this week! 
im soo excited for final destination in  3D! wooooooh!! 
im soo glad to b off work.. now im searching for a new job.. 
I'm soo happy at the moment, feel like everything is going to plan and I love my tazy waz. Next stop, flat  xx
I'm soo happy it's Friday. I'm hoping to spend this weekend with @TheBigBrownWolf. I have to tell him something.. 
i'm soo happy Smoke won the race! if anyone deserves it, it's definitely him! 
I'm soo happy that my parents came to our homee!!! 
i'm soo new her 
im soo off for now 
im soo proud of Hayley. you did amazing. Joshua's sooo cutee 
I'm soo ready to see MTV Movie Awards. can't wait to see who wins!! Hollywood Undead on the G.I.O Movie Premiere 
I'm soo tired! and happy  oh! and I've had my hair cut!  i love it short  long (N) NAHH WAY! :L atm, reading Fruits Basket online (L)
im soo tired. But i have my hat now, graduation hat mom started crying when i had it on  Love u mom, and my Tiger
im sooo bored someone entertain me  TESSA where are you?
im sooo excited for the Fly With Me music video of the Jonas Brothers ! and it airs TOMORROW 
I'm sooo full. But I could sooo eat some chocolate! 
im sooo glad that chem is over  psychology on monday though :|
Im sooo happy i just found my other  jac vanek bracelet 
Im sooo pooped frm today, maybe ill go sleep soon lol 
I'm sooo seein' BrÃ¼no next month 
im sooo tired  goodnight twitterverse 
im sooo tired from today. now just relaxing 
im soooo angry :@ - but - Taylor swifts music is calming me down - shes a champion 
im soooo bored any one want to chat, Now? 
I'm soooo excited rite now! 
I'm soooo obsessed... I wanna CRY!! 
im soooo ready for the weekend 
I'm soooo ready to tee it up in the ICTSI Mt. Malarayat Championship's ProAm tomorrow! 
im soooo sleepy!!!haha i need some action!(? well,now i need some food and then im going to listen to some jb music  pretty cool right!?
I'm soooo thirsty! I want a slush puppie! That would be rather fabulous!!  Clearly haven't got one though! Boooooo :/
I'd like to learn more about my Twitter pals. If you feel comfortable, please share... Who are you? What is inside? What makes you you? 
id like to make a t-shirt that says &quot;follow me&quot; on the back with my twitter name on it and &quot;im following you&quot; on the front 
I'd like to suggest Helium Soul to you people.. Go check out www.heliumsoul.com  
I'd like to thank everyone that's left me a happy birthday tweet this morn! I'm off to bed now so that Im ready to start my bday properly 
I'd like to thank my normally only randomly working internet for actually staying up from the moment I sew the tweet until now. 
i'd like to think that @tommcfly is the reason why tom is a trending topic. everybody loves tom. 
I'd love 2 work w/ KOL! Heard great things.  @tomlawrence @cardinmckinney.. thought it might be you (like ur Kearney, Wayne &amp; Wertz vids)
I'd love to tweet all day today but I have work to do that must get done so I'll tweet when I can. God bless everyone!  #tcot
I'd rather go commando than wear a thong....just thought the world might like to know that about me 
I'd rather spend time with him though 
I'd really like to wake up in Vegas 
I'd say some sports writers are idiots for saying Roger Federer is one of the best ever in Tennis.  Roger Federer is THE best ever in Tennis
I'd say this thank you card is way nicer than Hallmarks  http://bit.ly/FRYQ2
I'd show you my psychokinetic power. Put your controller on the sword. 
I'd totally forgotten how much I love Teachers. 
iDay is cracked since last night! And the anti crack module is working well  could be start 5 times for testing then buy it or leave #iDay
Idc what people think! Keyshia and boobie are so effing cute together 
ideas on how to tone your tummy? sicily in 2 months  xx
IDIOT: th*nks for the follow new friends!!! hope youre having an great day!! I do  (Jolitabrilliant) #IDIOT
IDIOTat)GoGreenClean - heya! th*nks for the follow  will browse your blog soon...g (kayela) #IDIOT
IDIOTat)MParachou (at)SatyaShanti th*nks for the follow love ladies  (RawEpicurean) #IDIOT
IDIOTat)stephontwit doesnt look like it to me...th*nks for the follow  (firefem89) #IDIOT
IDIOTat)TheRealBillyRay th*nks for the follow  (daNanner) #IDIOT
Idk sure why not  x
idk why i cant sleep im going to regret it tomorrow when im breaking my new horse, but it will all be worth it in the end 
idk y but m ugly. lol  fanx mom n dad fer mah *not so* good looks 
Idk. But I should stop while I'm ahead. 
idli after more than a month...niccceee 
Idol today  sooo pumped. get up on your feet and cheer loud. sing along if you know the words ;)
idont like being sick &gt;&lt; a bit better now. 
IE8 nearing 6% according to my stats. FF 3.0.10 adoption rate amazes me 
If &quot;The Jonas Brothers&quot; was a school subject I would want to do my homework and I would be a straight &quot;A&quot; student! 
If @marcinbunsch doesn't stop making fun of me, i am gonna kick him  no, @niznikpawel won't protect you. I am fast.
If Adam Lambert goes home next week.  I will cry many many tears of much joyous-ness.  
if all my followers vote for me il love u forever!  http://bit.ly/WnhrM
If an angel came to see you would you make her feel at home?-Black Oak Arkansas. Well yeah! God must really love me - I have TWO coming! 
If anybody would distract me today, it would be very welcome 
If anyone at the sheriton is online hit me up yo! I have a question 
If anyone could help us out, that would be fantastico. 
If anyone feels depressed, go to Coldstone Creamery and watch the waiters sing. And have Birthday Cake Remix. YUMMY 
If anyone feels like a 360 game of something cool, dl the Red Faction multiplayer demo then add me on live - hoppimike 
If anyone feels the need to say &quot;hey ...shutup&quot; go for it. Until then, I'll keep tweeting 
If anyone gets a moment, we are looking for some feedback on a new feature or two...will send some links 
if anyone gets their Windy Pops print and wants to take a photo of it glowing, we would love to see a photo! 
if anyone has a sociology slideshow to hand that they could email me, please tell me now  so i can abandon scouring my old books  danke!
If anyone is in need a rather kick-ass Perl Developer, give me a shout - a friend is looking for work 
if anyone is interested, i told the boy i hung out with tonight that i'm supposed to hang with the other on saturday. he is okay with it. 
If anyone is looking for a good place to give your old computers to, I   know just the person 
If anyone knows/recommends an experienced online marketing consultant in the SF Bay Area seeking a new opportunity,  pls direct msg me! 
If anyone needs help with images, let me know and i will convo you the forum's link 
If anyone wanted to attend TEDMED but can't make the date, I'll happily take your place, and will live-blog it for you too 
IF ANYONE WANTS TO COME TO MY HOUSE TO WATCH THE TONYS BE HERE AT 7:30! LEMME KNOW 
if anyone wants to make me one that'd be nice 
If anyone would be nice enough, please donate some promo codes to qaaimzia85@yahoo.com to be used in giveaways! I'll give you a shoutout! 
If anyone would like to help me ..please contact me  here or debbieakaarianna@gmail.com 
If at all possible i'm going to try to focus most of tomorrow on writing 
If Bing is successful, what will be the operative verb?  &quot;I binged it, banged it, or bonged it&quot;  ?  
If Dana White can twitter, I can figure it out 
If dogs reflect their owners, I wonder how mine would be like 
If employer says no more Twitter, do you give it up or move to your phone, etc.? DM me with answers if you don't want the boss to know! 
If facebook creeping was a sport.. I didn't know you went to mexico! 
If fate means you to lose, give it a good fight anyhow 
If feels good to do a wedding and within days you've changed a dozen peoples Facebook profile pics. 
If Frank Kern is the 9th worst surfer in CA, I must be the 3rd worst kite flier in Iowa! 
If giggling was an olympic sport, I'd take home the gold. LOLOLOLOL  &lt;333
If GOD created ALL that is, then GOD created ALL that is.... Many paths, ONE destination... 
If he loves her then i'm happy as long as he is 
'if he was an apple, he'd be a delicious' 
if i actually was a marshmallow, i'd be one of those mini multi-colored ones. 
If I am made surplus, they have to find me a place at another school. Fingers are crossed it won't happen, I enjoy my walk to school 
if i am to meet my goal i will have no followers by midnight  ~~~~ kidding ~ a joke --are we done? are we done yet?
If I can find out where it is, I can go  WOO!
if i can't marry nick jonas, josh thomas will do  Please and thank yout hahahah
if i could be made into anything... i would pick tap dancing... because its my kick of the day 
if i could do it over, id do it all again.  *sigh*
if i could fall into the sky, do you think time will pass me by? coz you know i'd walk a thousand miles if i could just see you tonight 
If i could have 1 super power I'd want to be invisible so i can be the guardian angel of my friends and fam 
If I could have a threesome, it'd be with antonio banderas and catherine zeta-jones from zorro... SMOKIN HOT!!! 
if i could marry BMOD . . . i would 
if i did porno i think i would do pretty good  maybe im 2 gentle tho
if I die while I'm on a walk and I have my ipod...just know I died happy. 
if i dipped it in chocolate or something would someone do it for me??  ...im sooooo not joking
If I disappeared tomorrow, my friends wouldn't care.....they'd be with me!!! 
if i get this french done i can watch the live chat 
if i go to california, and my aunt drives to monterey bay, im going to hollywood for AT LEAST a day 
If I go to that festival in JC this weekend and it rains I guess I'll be Plum Blue. 
If i had a lemur named Doris i'd light it on fire 
If I invited you to SpyMaster, and you don't want to, sorry for bugging you.  I just picked people I thought would be interested.
If I listen to 'My House' any longer, I'll be singing it in my sleep. For reals. Total Play Count For Today; 38 
If I Made a Commercial for Trader Joe's http://bit.ly/ZUyL4  I think mine might look like this too  Yay TJs!!
If I make grammatical errors in my tweets... I'm sorry. Its just simple mistakes but you should be able to understand what I'm saying. 
if i miss ya on follow friday let me know. 
If I missed anybody in my roll of Twitter Thx &amp; Love, please forgive me and dont do an #unfollow @EarthFire  I love you too.
If I pass you on the Greeneway and I don't speak, it's not because I'm rude. I'm just out of breath 
if i remember not to lean forward too far i should be ok  luckily the guys are either with someone or know chris'll kill em if they look
If I say so myself, as a non-programmer, I wrote some s%#t-hot code today!! Off to do dinner, then back for some Follow Fridays 
if i see another comma on this article that i'm reading...i'm gunna puke! lol George Kennan is mad! heaps verbose! can't wait for 6:30pm 
if i shake my hamster - he rattles 
If I stare at the computer wallpaper long enough, will he jump out??? Dreaming of hot men..... Night twitteritlings 
If i told ya what was goin' on right now on iChat u wouldn't even believe me. Ha. &lt;3 Um...Use ur imagination creeps, it's probably right. 
if i trade up for a DSi; i'm ordering it from japan. they have pink, white, lime, &amp; dark blue.  not a fan of the teal.
If I understand correctly, BIG-IP uses Linux to boot the platform, and load the software. So Linux is central to the device working, no? 
If i was flexible, i would fuck myself. Hard. 
if i were a guy, i'd turn gay for taylor lautner - watching new moon trailer 
If I were to die tomorrow, what is one thing you would want to tell me. Tell me anything. I keep secrets &amp; I won't judge. 
If I were to live in the world of &quot;Hairspray&quot;, wow everything would be so fabulous adn eprky.  *daydreaming..*
If I'm up with Brooklyn when I'm suppose to sleep in...I'll call you  @ LadyBug602
If I'm you and you are me... then we are just one 
if it dont rain...emerald point 
if it manages to hold on for full term 
If it works I could have used it with certain fast-talkin', no-stoppin' bosses - http://www.livescribe.com/ learning to not press enter 
If it's for MS...we already have  
if its over let it go and come tomorrow it will seem SOOO YESTERDAY!! yeahh..haha..  
If it's you &amp; me forever, it's you &amp; me right now.. that'd be alright 
If it's you and me foreverrr...if it's you and me right now...i'll be alright &lt;333  fly with meee?
If its you and me right now if its you and me forever thatd be alright 
If it's you and me right now, that'd be alright 
If La Salle makes to good use the H1N1 issue to their advantage, they can sweep all UAAP events and the top prize! 
If Mac DW CS3 is painfully slow, click on it in app's, 'get info' and tick  'Open using Rosetta' http://tinyurl.com/rdnywo worked 4 me 
if making Veggie Pizza for Terri's baby shower (too bad i cant have any ~vegan in training~) About to head there in 2hrs 
If my life were any movie it would be The Pursuit of Happiness just cause I'd want to be played by Will Smith 
if my professor isn't here in 5 minutes I can leave!  breakfas sounds good right now
If one more radio talks about Twitter we're going to have problems. 
If only I could do a banana dance on twitter, I'd go for it right now. 
If only I'd  brought Gossip Girl to watch this weekend!. I miss @amyyjaynee, i miss being in her beautifulness! i love you homey bitch! 
If only men were like Mr. Darcy in Pride and Prejudice... 
If only we could do this Eurovision style. &quot;This is Michael from East of England, the electorate have voted and....&quot; 
if rudee person from ud gets nasty wit chu just spit in their food/drink .. i give you permission  ily!
if she would fall off a cliff id quite happy, @Hayl3eMarie lets push her 
if someone buys me k-diirty for my birthday, omg i will adore the shit out of you. 
IF SOMEONE GAVE ME THE COOKIE FOR NO COOKIES AT ALL NO COOKIES WERE MADE AND THE COOKIES WERE WHERE TO BE COOKED?! 
If tears &amp; sweat are both salt water, why does sweat sting when it drips in your eyes!  #EASActive
If that 'back to the 80's Diet Pepsi' commercial makes you laugh then here's one for you  http://bit.ly/qU0BZ  
if that last tweet doesn't fire your imagination i don't know what will!!!! 
If the 60's had twitter  http://tiny.cc/QwQd8 from DKos open thread.
If the band you're in starts playing different tunes, I'll see you on the dark side of the moon. 
If the basketball game was on now, I'd be watching it. Instead, I'm headed to the gym for a mid-Sunday workout. Thanks, NBA schedulers.  
if the past is the problem our future could solve them 
If the spirit of love is present, your attitude  will be like Jesus, standing in the shoes of the sinner, and never giving up on  them. 
If the stockmarket was any flatter today I'd eat it with lemon juice and suger, still great time for med-long term investors... 
if there are 3 of the same ellipticals, why does the boy have to go on the one next to mine. you're stealing my air AND distracting me! 
If there's anyone we can trust to come through it's those Wings! WHAT'S UP HOCKEY TOWN! 
If there's one thing I learned from River City Randsom, its that eating boosts your stats. That's why I'm having two lunches. 
If they could all the birds would be hi fiving me right now.. Just filled up all their feeders.. 
If they try it we'll just have to knock em out with out breasticles!!! (via @staceyclarkin) PMSL, you crack me up 
If this day doesn't prove my love, I dunno what else will! Been on my feet all day doin' WORK!  But I enjoyed it.
If today's what Spring had to offer so far, I can't wait for the Summer! 
If Tom's CMS keeps looking this good, I'll probably be using it on MyBBTuts. 
if u did change it can u tell me it l8ter? 
If u didnt have a thousand pages u would be much easier to read!   in Tyler, TX http://loopt.us/yWJCLQ.t
if u died right now i dont think that i would be sad  lol
If U don't know who the @SuicideGirls are, then U've been livin in the dark &amp; U'll thank me if you start following them!  #followfriday
if u have a problem w me solve it if you cant stand me sit down if you think im tripped up tie my shoes  f-u-k haters
If U have active kids vouchers at home please bring them 2 Explorers as they have 2 be sent off by the end of the week 
If u have strong aversion to slapstick, my books might not be 4 u.  @Bella_March I blogged once about why I write it: http://bit.ly/wNApt
If u hv no rights to talk 2 people who r richer than u, than they don't have d rights to talk 2 a person who is richer than them--you. 
If u live in greenville/spartanburg sc never go eat @ american pie factory off pelham. . Food/service sucks. . Never again! Brooke  
if u love me vote for @CiMarsLover http://bit.ly/tbt66 thank u 
if u missed me live on kyte earlier check it out at www.kyte.tv/roxxijane. thanks to everyone who stopped by, Yoda, Da Chosen 1, Raulito! 
If ur a BB owner, lover, etc. Go to 'berrytastic.com' Great articles, forums, resources and more! 
IF UR NOT ALREADY AUTOMATING UR DAILY BIZ TWEETS, TRY THIS FREE TOOL! IT'S SO COOL &amp; EASY TO USE.  http://snipr.com/j3gcm I LOVE IT!
If we are what we eat, I must be a walking cookie or somethin  no, probably a tea plant, sounds much better...weird thought of the day
if we could import american &quot;service culture&quot; to europe, we would live in utopia 
If we measured &quot;hard science&quot; by Atheism, Psychologists would be on top  http://tinyurl.com/mrj6hp
If we stared bowling before midnight i wouldnt bail 
if ya wanna add me on myspace heres my url myspace.com/149784030 add me and help me out for this twitter stuff! 
If y'all were wonderin why Ive had my american heart on rotation for this week its cas I'm gna see them in los gatos in less than 24 hrs 
If you ain't got noboby to hate on, feel free to hate on me 
If you are #ampinoy, have you had balut even just once? 
if you are drinking in the states tonight, pick up a Sangiovese and think of me 
If you are followin me n I'm not followin u, let me know!! 
if you are in Berlin at this time please come along 
If you are interested in fostering or would like more info, please go the bottom of our homepage where you will find the links you need 
If you are my other half - meet me in Groningen, please !!! 
If you are near South Ken - keep your eyes open for the Hot Cross Bunnies! They might give you some chocolate eggs 
If you are new and in need of a few followers say &quot;TWEET ME&quot; Person with lowest followers will get a shout out!  U have 30mins 
If you are new to Twitter don't try to soar with eagles. Just hop on a twig, and Tweet 
if you are not a senior i cannot talk to you today 
if you are not already following @unseenenergy, please do so now, you will be glad you did 
If you are on Facebook, please add me  http://bit.ly/38QOq
If you are on FriendFeed and post cool content... send me your ID etc for inclusion in my reading stream. Thank you 
If you are on I 57 this weekend take Exit 10 to Charleston, MO-Dogwood Azalea Festival .....saturday and sunday 
If you are on Youtube please subscribe to Lucid   http://bit.ly/LgmX5
if you are quite right .. is annoying as people try to deceive others .. t help anything .. 
If you are reading this you are definitely beautiful  yes, you. http://twitpic.com/6biy5
If you are your authentic self, you have no competition  [pic] http://ff.im/2ZP5q
If you aren't already, follow @peterfacinelli. I want him win his bet 
If you arent doing anything tonight hit up the bowling alley. 
If you aren't playing Killzone 2, why the hell not! http://is.gd/RAdb  #ps3
If you buy Halo3 ODST, you get an invite into the Halo Reach multiplayer beta.  Neat... 
If you can Copy Cut &amp; Paste then come make some easy money with us http://tinyurl.com/dh995w Happy Days 
If you can start the day without caffeine, YOU'RE PROBABLY A DOG!  Visit Us... http://snipr.com/dysrd
If you can take criticism and blame without resentment, YOU'RE PROBABLY THE FAMILY DOG  see... http://jijr.com/hitZ cheers, Lou-ann
If you can travel back in time what would you change ? 
If you cant convince them confuse them 
if you cant hide the tweetie icon why not change it   http://twitpic.com/4j92o
If you can't recite the all the lyrics to the Fresh Prince of Belair theme song, we can't be friends. Just can't 
If you carry your childhood with you,  you never become old..A. Sutzkever 
If you click on line that slightly resembles an l beside your name, you can see a picture  It's a nice one if I might add! @itsNICKJ0NAS
if you could change your first name to anything, what would you change your name too?  for me, either katie or maddie. :']
if you couldn't  make it to  the launch party you can still by a signed copy of the artbook here  http://drakaina.com/etremuse/?p=313  
If you cut me I suppose I would bleed the colors of the evening stars.You can go anywhere you wish cause I'll be there, wherever you are. 
I'm soooo tired! I think I only got 3 hrs. sleep! At least baby was easy to watch  Off to Waikiki Prince Kuhio for a grad party! grines
I'm soooo tired; long weekend even though I slept for more than half of it! Haha, can't wait until The Apprentice tonight. 
I'm sooooo glad I don't have to go to work in the morning! 
I'm sooooo happy right now 
I'm sooooo happy right now  those pictures have brightened up my night  &lt;33
i'm sooooo NOT tired...guess i'll spend some time on the biz...reading/writing...  thanks Friends for an entertaining evening! I &lt;3 Apples
I'M SOOOOOO EXCITED!!!!!! 
I'm soooooo happy! Love this hike  Yay!!!  http://pikchur.com/a2Y
I'm soooooo hung over right now, I can't even get out of bed!!!! but it was worth it   
I'm SOOOOOO sunburnt. Forgot to put cream on today!  It's a nice pain though ï¿½ well worth the four glorious hours in the sun
im soooooo tired and sooo lazy right now. @itsphil's party was a blast tho 
I'm sooooooo fn drunk!!!!!!!! I'm lovin it!!!!! 
I'm sooooooo glad Miley Cyrus was at the MTV Movie Awards last night, and won for best song for the Hannah Montana Movie!!!! 
im sorry @chiek0 haha! ur so kupad kasi. ayan. haha. anyway tuloy pba metrostation tour? 
I'm sorry but I like the Tom Sawyer look. 
im sorry for all the bad things.. i'll try to be your superboy 99  stay lovely and i love youÃœ
im sorry i havent twittered  buuuut *pause* jun says, &quot;nobody caresss&quot;...
I'm sorry I own your daughter in dressing and 693728195874367127583 other ways. 
I'm sorry that I'm sexy...actually no...I'm not 
i'm sorry to all my followers with my #delongeday every minute  if anyone could join that would be lovely 
im sorry to hear that elvia lol. sorry amiga. yogurtland tonightttt  cant wait velveeta
I'm Sorry, but bebo is devestatingly shocking nowadays, internet has brighter, better places to be. Like twitter or Facebook for example! 
I'm sorry, it was more like eavesdropping in on a conversation about Twitter... 
I'm sorry..because I'm twitterring about last night (about MTV Movie Awards) -- but I got a lot to say 
I'm sorta...grounded. Way to crazy night thursday. WHATEVER ! 
I'm speciaaaaaaal! 
I'm spending my day with friends...or falling asleep on a couch...whichever path I end up on though, it will be a good day. 
I'm spending time with the sweetest man in the world...My Hunny Bear (him and my couch are best friends 
I'm spending way too much time on facebook and myspace again. but hey talk to me. 
I'm spinning around... move out of my way...  love me some Kylie to put me in a good mood  #kylieminogue
I'm Sponge Martin Squarepants  lol
I really enjoy @mkrigsman &amp; @Monkchips *heated*/passionate conversations. I always learn things from these two 
I really enjoy listening 2 Joel Osteen 
i really enjoy my life 
I really enjoy napsï¿½new favourite way to waste time. 
I really enjoy reading @tsahil's drafts in the morning. 
I really enjoyed our gimik today with my good friend Charm! See you soon gurl!! 
I really enjoyed playing with my nephew!! He's actually 10 months but he's so smart and funny!! Well, how's everyone here?? 
I really enjoyed the small thunderstorms today  woohoo! The weather guy says there will be another chance for more rain tomorrow
I really enjoyed this years mtv movie awards 
I Really Got Start My Homework....But I Don't Want To =( I Can't Wait Until School Over 
if you don't believe me, take @coreyann 's word for it then?  http://www.coreyann.net/blog/?p=438
If you don't have anything nice to say about people ... Just shut the F@#K up .... don't you agree 
if you don't know what #marsiscoming is... FOLLOW @30SECONDSTOMARS 
If you dont know who the awesome artist behind the #1 abduzeedo t-shirt is check out the interview   - http://is.gd/AGZs @abduzeedo #Draco
If you drop into the studio where I work tomorrow, there *might* be some double-chocolate cheesecake left that you are welcome to share. 
If you ever felt comfortable rolling up with me, it would have to be a Friday show! 
If you feel like it, check out this picture I posted on the OrbMore Forums: http://bit.ly/2MkmN  
if you follow me please say so i use a Nintendo DSi so it's hard for me to see new stuff. thanks. 
if you go to my web page and heard about me from twitter in notes text tweet and i will give u a gift with ur order  www.lipsforever.com
If you go to see up . . Bring some tissues! 
If you google ' queensborough bridge 100th fireworks ' guess the images that are you going to get 
If you guys are into your Twitter and Tweets then check out www.tweetlater.com dont tell them I sent you cause they wont know who I am 
If you guys know of any PRO LIFE youth groups in the Philippines, let me know and hook me up with a contact 
if you guys wanna see more pics or vids or date me :d visit my url  - ????????????????????pu
If you guys want to continue talking, add each other. I am so glad everyone has met new MCR friends tonight!  #MCRchat
If you happen to fall upon my profile please &quot;Follow&quot;. 
If you have a Windows Mobile phone, download Twikini, it's awesome and super Mobile friendly.  Finally found one that works. Yayyy.
If you have any news on being an extra for Eclipse please reply/message me! 
if you have any requests just email us or post a comment on the site 
if you have Frances the Mute by The Mars Volta feel free to send it over. 
If you have mod points on slashdot and need a good cause, please mod up my comment on the accounting poll - http://tinyurl.com/moau6m 
if you have pets you need to meet the people at @centerpet great help for the furry ones! 
If you have pictures from last weekend,tell me on myspace  hahaha
If you have the will to win, you have achieved half your success! If you dony, you have achieved half your failure! think about that 
@Jonasbrothers hiya guyz  love the new song and vid paranoid ly guyz keep amazing us ur fanz peace chrissy xxx
@jonasbrothers hm , tough one . Much better &amp; WWII , although a change of mind could be sudden they all seem preety amazing 
@jonasbrothers hm , tough one . Much better &amp; WWIII , although a change of mind could be sudden they all seem preety amazing 
@Jonasbrothers Hmmm I was going to go record it and go to bed (its 1 AM here) but I think I'll stay up to watch just for you 
@JonasBrothers holy crappppppppppppp. I love love loveeeed the songs! They are absolutely beautiful!! 
@Jonasbrothers hope you guys are having suuuper fun  i love elvis  worlds bestt dog.
@Jonasbrothers how about fans? 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/3bnas - i whish i could play the piano  looks like fun
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/3bnas - oh my god! you're adorable! ilove you so much  you are my inspiration Nick!
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/3br5p - omj! you look hot in every pic you're in!  I love your new haircut! ^^
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/3ol72 - good job guys!!! im really impressed with the album name! smart boys  i love u all! xoxo
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/4kmt7 - HEY U GUYS HAVE DIRECT TV!!!  NICKS FACE IS PRICELESS... I WOULD SO LOVE TO SEE THAT MOMENT  ...
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/58grb - Ahaha! Hallway talk! 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/58grb - first of all i lovee the red shoes, and second.. nick  ! you guys are so cutee!
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/58grb - Nick I love you 
@Jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/58grb hard one is joe in the blue or checked shirt? seriosuly they look the sameeee! haha 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - *-* THANK YOU SOO MUCH, JONAS. This careful attention will be reward  May 24 D  Love you ?
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - hundred of hours  enjoy 'em... jhahjahj not that much.. i bet you are sleeping right now!!:  ...
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - woot woot! tour is coming very close! cant wait to see you guys in 79 days 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5dvr8 - AWESOME 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5dvr8 - Woah! Big crowd.  i hope you come to the Philippines soon.
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5j3uq - LOL ! that's so cool.REALLY COOL. 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5j3uq - This is so funnyy    Lovee you guys so muchh xx
If you haven't already,type in 'christian the lion' to YouTube..&lt;3333 it always puts a smile on my face!  night tweeple 
If you haven't had a chance to see &quot;Revolutionary Road&quot; -- I highly, highly recommend it. 
If you haven't heard Halo (All I Play-Oh) yet I suggest you check it out. Funny  http://tinyurl.com/cc2rmz
If you haven't noticed, I'm defensive when it comes to my favorite animals  haha. Sharks trump everything for me, except cats 
If you haven't seen it, you MUST see Star Trek! I want Spock babies. 
If you haven't seen the movie &quot;Up&quot;, go see it. It's fantastic, and totally worth your money 
If you haven't tried Lipton's Sparkling Green Tea, you should! It's awesome  http://twitpic.com/6ch9w
If you haven't visited, now's the time!   http://bit.ly/gApOw
if you hear my cry runnin thru her street am abt to freak come and rescue me!!!! Man love joe's voice at the rescue me part HOT!! 
If you hear my cry running through the streets im about to freak.  &lt;3Paranoid
If you keep encountering road blocks, guess what? You need to take a different road! 
If you keep up with the 140 character limitation, you will soon be writing more like Shakespeare, than a garrulous fourth-grade scribe. 
if you know me and want to help me out, tell @mattownsyoface to talk to me cause i miss him. 
if you like 60s rock and are from LA please enjoy the band Love  violent drunk hippies also welcome
if you like a lot of chocolate on your biscuit...join our.....CLUB! 
If you liked that here's more  http://tinyurl.com/dfg8ua
If you listen closely, you can hear the baby &quot;toots.&quot; I love squeezing them out.  http://bit.ly/GwTOb
If you live in the area, I'm giving a FREE Pepperoni Pizza &amp; a dozen of FREE chicken wing dings to our 10,000 th follower!!! 
If you look close, you can see me standing behind the left bit of pineapple, got a BBQ today, put this on stereo  http://bit.ly/sDQk
if you love @mileycyrus follow @votemileycyrus 
If you love Adam Levine, check out the Target Flyer in your Sunday paper today...SIGH  :-O
if you love animals please go to this link and help  https://www.wspa.org.au/campaigns/dogs/index.asp    thank you
IF YOU LOVE CHUCK NORRIS THEN FOLLOW ME  (earthquake)
If you missed it, Gh. Karbaschi is a twitter now. Welcome @gkarbaschi  #iran #election WP: http://tinyurl.com/qfebrv
If you need a hair cut, go to my buddy Loraina. She's pretty legit. 
i'm standing here but you don't see me... --Before The Storm; Jonas &amp; Miley 
I'm start and about day to up my! ......*head shake* ....... I'm up and about to start my day! (that's better) 
I'm starting a collab channel. It's going to be called RandomTimes5  Or Randomx5 I haven't decided yet 
I'm starting my week right. No procrastinating for MJ today. Spent the afternoon with Monica &amp; Tim. 
i'm starting this sort of twitter thingy 
im starting to appreciate fedora hats because of matt giraud. 
I'm starting to enjoy my life once again! 
I'm starting to feel more and more sensation in my legs!  this is scaring me! I pray that I be healed 100%! AMEN!
I'm starting to feel more appreciated for all the things I do, and that's better than money most of the time 
Im starting to get quite a list of things to watch! 
I'm starting to get to know C++ some more  I actually think it's pretty cool, but yet hard compared to ruby and python.
If you need more info on the festival check out my blog www.authorsamuck.blogspot.com for contacts .. 
If you nudge me again to update my twitter, i will seriously harm you 
If you please where you go......then you may go where you please. 
If you Read this Have a nice day.. 
if you read:Read a very short story here. If you write, leave one here 10 sentences or less    http://pentenscribes.ning.com/
If you refresh Ellen Degeneres's twitter page her followers go up. Try it. It's crazy! shes so hiip and famous.ELLEN U ROCKK  FOLLOW HERR!
If you see a spam account, report by following @Spam &gt;Be followed&gt;then dm username. {Be nice; great peeps back there  }
if you see this girl, can you tell her where i am?  i'm obsessssed with that song now.
If you seek amy 
if you seek amy shes with me 
If you spent $3-$5 a day to feel better would you? I did and I am so glad I made that choice. Just amazing  http://bit.ly/3XXpdc
If you start from the bottom, it takes a long time to climb. Why not start right at the top? The only way up is to break records 
if you still want a Jonas Brothers at the Ryman Auditorium Soundtrack message me! 
if you think this isant cute... your dumb   http://sml.vg/gzPgaJ
if you think you hate star trek, the latest one will change your mind 
If you type &quot;micronutrition quick facts&quot; into Google, I'm the second link.  Whoa!  That is really neat    Love it!
if you wanna add me on myspace, reply and ill direct messaage you my link 
If you wanna be seen, take a shit where you sleep and smile real wide...  \m/
if you wanna hear a good song, click on my URL on my profile,cheers! 
If you wanna know whats goin down in SeaTown follow my girl @caseycarter she's on it. 
If you want a phone call, email me your #!   
If you want a special deal in my Etsy shop for this lovely sunday, ask me! 
I really hope im getting better. The nyquil is making me say good night. @marielxo hope you had a good time 
I really hope I'm not late to my game 
i really hope it doesn't rain todayyyyyy! 
I really hope it goes well, that she'll be set free again.  guide me and lead me - http://tweet.sg
I really hope it has flash support, and can support true-multitasking. Everything else for me is just gravy 
I really hope J.T. wins! 
I really hope that I get nothing productive done today... That's my goal 
I really like gewustraminer 
if you want info on #ecomonday check out http://tinyurl.com/cpv32e &amp; follow @ecomonday . It's like #followfriday but green! (&amp; monday) 
If you want new oabout the flashgames im making, go to @flashartists We update aboutwhat we make regularly! 
If you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain  -Dolly Parton
if you want to be happy all your life, never make a preaty woman your wife  @granscala_
If you want to brainstorm ask me. 
If you want to see what i'm doing, of course 
if you want to talk to me on skype its lovelywings14.. same as this 
If you win, you're qualified for passes to see @ThisIsRobThomas UNPLUGGED in the Mix 96.9 studio on June 23 
If you work with customers you need to watch this. cracks me up   http://bit.ly/FvlZB
If your brain was Google, and you hit Images and typed in 'Hypocrite', who would could up?   
If your going to be blue...be BRIGHT blue 
If your Google search returns a result that you suspect is spam! http://tr.im/jaGP 
If your happy and you know it clap your hands! *clap clap!* 
If your in *DUVAL COUNTY* come vibe with PRETTY RICKY today @ the Skate Station (230 BLANDING BLVD, ORANGE PARK, FL) ! Its going down 
if your into anything to do with motion graphics, 3D or film its an interesting watch 
If your mother only knew. Digital Ops is open and loving you. Come get some  Kramer says: http://bit.ly/WGxb0
if your not already plllleassee follow me!!! 
if your reading this send me a message back im bored 
if you're following @damiankindler on Facebook check out his latest note dated 18/04/09 for Sanctuary S2 details 
If you're following me, you gotta follow @FOOLYWANG! Let's see how many followers we can get him today!! 
If you're getting this u can hit me up on facebook too... 
if you're going to be passive agressive toward me, you'd better have the balls to deal with me calling you out on it. Whew, I feel better 
if you're gonna quit you should quit like a winner. - i love josh pyke  he brings a smile to my brace face 
If you're happy and you know it clap your hands!!  With my bestie at her house- gettin ready for roadtrip to Californiaaaa. woop wooop!
I Really Like Him 
I really like Jessie (from MTV Canada's After Show)'s dress on the red carpet. i like drapey stuff  #mtvmovieawards
I really like the band: fun. They make me want to dance 
i really like the new moon trailer  its amazing.
I really like the song My Obsession! 
I really like the tumblr theme I have installed http://behind-dreaming.tumblr.com/ - finally can tell where posts are being fed from 
I really like this print ad campaign for Zurich Chamber Orchestra. Simple, nice art and to the point.   http://bit.ly/14yog
I really like what  @davglass has done with the git helper for you contributors (http://bit.ly/qPotV).  Don't like his colorscheme though 
I really liked Phillip on the apprentice. I think he should have got further 
i really love @xomalese! 
i really love boston in the summer  it's gonna be a great summer.
I really love Harry Potter and I want to have a house to be excited about and feel proud of.
I really love my family 
i really love my hubby !!!! 
I really love that I've gotten 900 compliments on my outfit today  And the fact that my nails match my phone is even better.
I really love the colour coral lately 
I really love the new Twitter feature. Now I can write more and follow more people. Please don't #fixreplies 
I really love the old cartoon show called Home Movies 
i really love this show it makes me feel happy  even tho it makes me cry haha! its nice to see that there are good people out there .
I really miss kungfu. I need to get back to training... Any of my peeps want to learn some sengmenquan? 
If you're in Klang Valley, Check this out- http://bit.ly/BXxtO  if u're going for the event, find out who's the singer and say hi 4 me k 
if you're in NYC. I'm playing Cielo tonight. Looking forward to it. 
If you're in Richmond, KY, you should stop in to visit shift leader @adrianhurt. He knows all about Culver's hospitality.  
If you're in the Boston area check out @scarecrow_hill. @Susantwtx please show them how to use Tweetdeck. 
If you're looking for an open-source project management tool, check out Collabtive. German and simple   http://tr.im/mXGS It's #free ;-)
If you're not already follow me please 
If you're not following @CORICast, the soon-to-be-released podcast of CORI (http://ohioskeptic.com), please do so.  
if youre not guaranteed a god life, what are you guaranteed?...? good night 
If you're not in my facebook yet, add me!  http://www.facebook.com/N.A.van.t.Hoff
If you're thinking of unfollowing me - do it NOW (or never 
If you're twitting around 150 Twitts per hour, it's called spamming ladies and gentlemen 
If you're wondering whether you should play guitar or not, do it. Trust me, you'll love it. I do, and all my friends who play do as well. 
If youu havent already guessed I LURVEEE THE SUNSHINEEEEEE  Except when it burns youu and gets in your eyes!
If you've ever wanted to see me in a music video now is your chance!   http://www.myspace.com/thevespertineproject
If you've found any of our deals helpful, drop us a recommendation at http://mrtweet.com/priceprotectr?rec  #TellMrTweet
If you've never seen hotel for dogs, I suggest you do! 
If you've seen the movie, i'm writing a fic based on Lonely Hearts' Club. Brendon/? and Ryan/Alex G. 
ife, omg - imagine if use went out! omg - use hooked up.. omg, every vision gets better --- HAHA! Gab ily 
iff to @Kristinahindley  then a birhdaypartyyyyy
ight made it to work an hour and twenty one mins late, but its all good 
Ight, bed right now, Mass in the morning, Day spent working on the sites, then the gym and dinner with the fam bam  Goodnight everyone ;)
Ignore my last post about petitions.... kay? 
ignore the bad thing things people say to u. Remember there are more people who loves you than wants destroy u 
ignoring malls and dedicating her time for family this weekend, isn't sweet 
Ignre that bitch  Weyhey im having pizza x) dne evrythng i gta do nw hehe cnt do recordng 2nyt or 2mrw once agen.. i miss u baby xoxoxoxox
Igot to hold and feed a baby today 
iHazFoodinMyTummy.  Yay. Now time to do homework, egh.
Ihop at 1230am 
IHOP with madre 
Ihop with mommy 
Ihop with my mommy 
Ihop with Travis 
iHope My Body Aches Are From Depression  Its A FACT That Its Possible, Oh And Im Copying Kung Fu Panda =]
iHub tweet tmstocks: TWEET - added 8-k as a new twitterpeep  : tmstocks http://tinyurl.com/cp5yqo
ii think id be a good pigeon 
Iï¿½ll be the best doctor ever  just like a nice version of Doctor House. (hot old man XD). some people say Im sarcastic...me?!
Iï¿½m gettin' dress! I stayed wiz Ruth &amp; weï¿½ll make a tourist route through the city... with a car of the era of the 50s! Iï¿½ll get a pic 
Iï¿½m going to grandma and grandpa 
Iï¿½m happy.... I donï¿½t know why 
Iï¿½m so bored! And tired! I Should go to sleep 
iï¿½m tired.  but it is good day .  Love yaa all.
Iï¿½ve got my next driving-lesson in 3 hours 
iight my twitties...im going back to sleep.  GooDniGHT! GoD BLeSS!  SquiRREL...iLY!! LOOCK iN!!!
iiiiii wish you were here! 
-iiiiiiiii.. am that crazy cat lady.. hate to see it at such a young age 
iiiiis fkn bored, entertain him?? 
iim back! yaay 
I'i'm tweeting from the internet on my phone! 
iisss lovinng the weather todayy &amp;&amp; is goiin to go outt iin a whillee  &lt;3
ijustdomyTRAN....goodnight muahz! 
ikea is calling ... again 
Ikea with Bradley looking at baby things 
il favourite them, go check 
IL in ONE MONTH!!! Cant freaking wait!  
Il mare! The sea! Das Meer!  
ilaaa my busbuddie cecilyface  &lt;3
Ilching  at blakes
iLIKE GIRLS THAT LIKE GIRLS THAT ATTRACTS ME......SO ARE ANY OF YALL INTO GIRLS LIKE iAM LESBI-HONESSSSST!!... 
i'll always remain faithful to Hamish and Andy.. even if they have been really mean to me in the past. ... cos its my job as a groupie. 
I really need to concentrate! I can learn programming... hehe its tough! but I need to learn it 
I really need to find other people to follow....... 
I really need to get and finish Gears of War 2 :/ BUT. I have a new hoodie 
I really need to go now. Goodnight twitter world! hugs&amp;xx 
i really need to STOP FORGETTING MY TWITTER PASSWORD 
i really need to study .... but i dont feel like it 
i'm starting to really love running...another 3 1/2 miles down 
I'm starting to see spaceships on Bankhead(fabo voice)... Where did that come from? 
I'm starting to think working across from nordstroms and right on michigan avenue all summer could take a huuuge toll on my credit card 
I'm starting Yoga classes this weekend!!!! 
I'm starving and got a ticket, but iam the happiest man alive 
I'm starving but it's almost time to head home. Wed. is the day. 
im starving here, need to get some breakfast  see you later ;)&lt;3
I'm starving! I'm so so so glad i crotchu froot loops to class 
I'm starving, and so is Alaina, so we're doing something about it. Because we're rockstar girlfriends, and we band together  
I'm starving, waiting for a delicious meal 
I'm starving.  Trying to wait until lunch to eat leftover lasagna..  YUM! 
im starvinggggg, wonder if my sister will buy me some food? 
i'm staying up to watch it 
I'm still alive just been busy  How is everyone?
I really really am impressed with GMail Labs! They are just insanely creative!  
I really REALLY love milo ventimiglia in gilmore girls... One of my favourite bad-boys of all time 
i really really really want cherries. 
I really really want to be on Disney   
I'll b glad when I'm done w/ the interview all I can do now is be anxious about it 
Ill b rite over  ~LaKeRs Da NeXt ChAmPS~
I'll be @ happy hour @obrienspub tonight with (I think) @danifesto, @jessimuhka, @kirinqueen, @krysaia, @valdelane, and @zare_k. Join us! 
I'll be 10,000 days old on 10/14/11. 
I'll be 21 in 24 days 
I'll be at a craft fair tomorrow, at The Trinity Centre, Sutton Coldfield. So come along if you're in the Birmingham/ South Staffs area  x
I'll be at a Tweetup tomorrow in San Francisco : see info here : http://twtvite.com/qa0kj9  come along if you're in town! 
I'll be at Molly Malone's tonight, let me know if you're around for a drink 
I'll be away again for awhile... To study  'Till next week...
i'll be back in a few days, going to take a little break by the sea with my girl 
I'll be back in a little bit I have to pack for Florida tomorrow morning!  
i'll be back soon. home that is 
I'll be back soon... 
Ill be back twits 
ill be back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! D me if you REALLY want something. (u btr want something my 220 followers! I LOVE YOU ALL!!!!!!!  *HUGS*
I'll be back, I need 2 go finish making the meatloaf 
i'll be better after i finish sleeping 
I'll be buying 4 Shirts, 4 Shorts, a pair of &quot;Spy&quot; *Mode* Sunglasses, &amp; a Skate Backpack!  
I'LL BE FREE TOMORROW  still got CAS tho.
I'll be giving a Twitter talk at a local library. Does that make me a social media expert? NO! It makes me a public speaker! 
I'll be giving Orion away to @acutecritique for adopting him. thank you. my heart aches saying goobye but i know he'll be in safe hands 
i'll be going home tomm YAY  
I'll be grand.... 
i'll be home in a minute, mission is my city you just run around in it 
I'll be in Germany June 11 thru the 15th of June I love it LOL 
I'll be in London in 24hours. Strange thought, but I like it. @King's College on Friday, rest of the week fun time 
I'll be in Ocean city all week. Peace 
I'll be in the steampunk area with the #steamvibe for awhile, come by and say hi.  #makerfaire
i'll be leaving in ten/fifteen minutes., 
I'll be on from 1am to 6am tonight! got some prod to do as well so I'll be in and out lol 
I'm still at the mothers day lunch at my uncles house. Having a nice time! 
I'm still excited about camping this weekend! Woo! 
I'm still excited for every new follower - the world seems to me growing endlessly 
I'm still finishing tax documents for early CPA meeting.  I need some rest.  Tweet dreams my friends and have an awesome morning tomorrow 
I'm still here! I just changed my avatar 
I'm still here, sorry I haven't signed on in a while, just been really busy. 
im still hungry? but i ate not that long ago...oh well. More food, 
I'm still in bed. And I don't feel one bit guilty. 
Im still in my my pjs  but I haveto get dressed cuz Im going to see Dancing on Ice live 
I'll be on later  Going shopping and stuff. then, to auditions
I'll be on Sirius NFL Radio from 8 am-noon est Sunday w/Howard David. Vacation begins as soon as the shift is over. 
I'll be patiently waiting for a brick and mortar @zappos store in jersey city and/or Manhattan :] 
i'll be right back, i'm ready to eat and watch friends 
i'll be right here deep in your heart 
I'll be signing off for a bit. Got things to do that require my presence away from the computer. 
I'll be still using this Twitter account! I just made a new account for... Nothing... 
I'll be the one. I'll be the light. Where you can run to make it alright.-- Backstreet Boys 
I'll be twittering again tomorrow. Or maybe later. There's still hope. But anyway, see y'all! 
I'll be using MySpace Blog as my personal blog! But I'm still keeping my Tumblr of course. 
I'll be very happy to add any Moms who'd like to be at http://bit.ly/4thJs8  to celebrate Mother's Day 
I'll be working on my new movie in few.... 
I'll bring Religulous on Tues! 
I'll catch you TC 
I'll censor this tweet... Goodnight 
I'll come this afternoon if I'm out of my doctor's appointment on time  @NikFreeman
Ill do my 'follow friday' when i get home, if yall dont mind 
i'll face my final exam on this thursday, wish me luck 
I'll follow any SEO expert who gives advice on twitter  Just show yourself
I'll freely admit that I'm not a big fan of ST:TOS but the theme tune certainly gets the blood pumping  I don't care.. say what you like!
I'll get 2000dollor tomorrow 
I'll get a B in English in my report card! Yeahh  Thanks Twitter for all the good pracitce! Your awesome &lt;3 
I'll get a present tonight that what I was told 
i'll get those pictures on here asap. we are waling out the door now so it will be tonight some time thanks hope you have a great day 
I'll give you 10 roses. 9 real, 1 fake, and I'll love you till the last one dies.  xox
i'm still learning how to use twitter.. 
I'm still loving the new background  lookin forward 2 the long weekend, hanging with a great crew and taking some time 2 smell the roses!
im still loving this hot weather lol  xx
im still mad @ninjarific but hey at least i can watch entertainment tonight 
Im still not finished with friend gifts!  Ohh well im going to sleep now i can finish tommorow. Night everyone! 
I'm still quite inebriated this morning.  Shell prayed for me in our bedroom and I collapsed onto the mat in hysterics 
i'm still sick. slept 2 hours and i feel even worse than yesterday. at least i have tons of ice cream now 
I'm still sipping wines with Archie and Howard 
I'm still smiling  ahhhhhhh Chelsea won the FA cup 
im still spoilinq myself  (teeheehee)    ain nuffin like a homemade pedicure; im in heaven =D MUAHZ* -xoxo
i'll give You everything,because You are my everything 
i'll go and get some sweets now, talk to you later guys 
i'll go home and demand control of the telly 
I'll go now. Tweeted enough 2day. ;DD Bye y'all, good night!  xx
i'll go sleep now 
i'll go to bed now.. bye all ^^ sleep well and have nice dreams 
I'll go to sleep  Wowiie &lt;3 I am so thankfull !! Jay http://bit.ly/Hx5LT
i'll go to sleep early tonight. My eyes claim me the fact that i saw so many videos :O, but it does not matter, i'm  happy  right now 
i'll gooo to malloooorcaa  so so excited 
I'll have a little cry about it later. Its to nice of a day 
I'll have to try tomorrow 
ill have twitter w/me tho on my ipod!! 
I'll just catch up to @dystorce later ;) I almost have enough money to buy another silver heart! So I can wear the suit for longer, yay 
I'll just finish this one CLA and then I can go home... 
I'll just keep wishing and dreaming. 
I'll just post both review lessons for the day at once, in case I'm unable to go online later in the day 
I'll keep believing in clouds with that sweet silver lining 
I'll keep you my dirty little secret 
ill Kidz win Toronto DJs of the Year!!! Yayyyyyyy Ricky!!!!!!!! Congrats 
I'll kiss the clouds on rainy days. I'll smile for you when the skies are grey 
i'll lacquer my nails, colour is black of course 
I'll leave that to you 
I'll leave this to it and come back in a few hours to sign off 
i'll make this painless, try to be sweet. i can break your heart any day of the week. 
Ill make yu oneee  3 days!&lt;3
i'll meet yuuki soon~  today's class is just bored. but i like old Germany movies! ))
I'll miss my friends so much! It's sick. Do I really want to move??? ugh...love you guys!  http://yfrog.com/5fje8j
I really should go to bed....having a small surprise party for Nate tomorrow. 
i really think im falling him, so glad we hung out yesterday 
I really think I'm jinxed and I need to touch the snout of a coin-operated giraffe to counter bad luck the whole day. It works. 
I really think it ought to be illegal to be inside on a day like today. hope the weather holds for the long weekend. Garden, book, bikini 
i really think that I need more followers..  follow meeee 
i really wanna be miley cyrus's friendie  hahaha
I'll play a game with Kitta called &quot;hide the Groundhog&quot; how dowr this sound Luv? Toodles Tiger ...Jay 
I'll post all the questions just specify which ones ur answering...best of 10 wins the scythe 
I'll put a message in a bottle and I'll throw it across the sea, your the lock and included is the keyyy, along with a dozen x's and o's 
i'll rip that scandalous bitch in TWO. 
I'll see 
I'll see her in 20 Minutes 
I'll see if it was tomorrow!! I hope I don't get nervous!  yay Happy!!
I'll see you all tomorrow...thinking of what movie to watch.  Tomorrow's my last day of freedom..please go online..for me.. :} Night. &gt;-
I'll shine bright!! hope I get an award...  wish me luck.
ILL SLEEP NA!!.... CAN'T STOP AND GET AWAY FROM TWITTERING... REALLY ADDICTING!! LOL 
I'll sleep on it. Today shall be my last day mistaking poles and fire hydrants for people. Eye doctor in the am 
I'll sleep, to already full of sleep, woke up very early today =(, even though tomorrow and Sunday, day afternoon to agree 
I'll solve you one day, Rubik's 
I'll soon be on holiday 
I'll spend the next few hours colouring these lines I've been working since ever.  Hello tablet dearest. *hugs* I named it Setsuna. 
i'll stay up till Twilight to see the new moon And if i'm lucky i'll see eclipse at breaking dawn. This my quote for the day. 
I really wanna do skydiving im scared of heights but who gives a shit fill the fare and do it im going on rollercoaster in PARIS  YEEHA
I really wanna see the Jonas Brothers in Novemeber but I need to find someone to come with me!  xx
I really want a media job. If possible.  // &quot;When you really want something the universe conspires with you to achieve it.&quot;
ill swim the ocean for you  mmhmm bored. going to lay out. nice day.
I'll taake that as a complimenttt? haha  - Fwd: can I just say ur ass is sensational 
I'll take a shower  @abrahamjmr buenos dias  xd
I'll take a shower and then i'll go to Shiibi's house 
I'll take my late lunch.  Be right back!
I'll Take Yu Home If Yu Dont Leave Me At The Front Door!!! Shake It!!  WooHoo!! @xOiLoveYouuOx
i'll trade my boyfriend 4 a super hero 
I'll try not to sleep. haha I'll watch a movie now! haha 
I'll try to have the video up by this evening 
i'll try to tweet from my phone at the shoot! everyone have an AMAZING day!!! 
I'll turn in now. Bye twitter 
I'll update my blog when I came back 
I'll upload them 
I'll use some friction to get you charged - yay for mr. saunder's class and all my dirty-mindedness 
I'll vote for both @ddlovato and @PerezHilton ! yeeeeeeah 
i'll write much more at my return...see you around...now i'm going our for a walk listening to my magic ipod  take care friends
Illegal online movies 
illegally downloads Glee on Limewire. 
Ilove you all! 
ilovecamping 
ilovegoogle, move up by 1  11. mybuckster.com
ilovegoogle, move up by 1  17. rumahabi.com
ilovegoogle, move up by 1  90. ontoplist.com
Ilovemynewpuppy!  cutest puppy ever. And momma says she'll never give her up! 
ilys @Beyy's distant relative tooo.. that one i got the best cuddle off last night  and abbeyyy... *raises hand* ily
i really want a taco salad, with beef tips NOT ground beef&amp;no guacomole!! Gotta get to san jose asap 
i really want chocolate cake but NO!! ... 'NO CHOCOLATE = PUSSYCAT DOLLS' i love my little analogy 
I really want Gelli-Baff ahaha 
I really want HAGGIS 
I really want ice cream. @toribeth Yeah eeeeee!!!! And I like fire! 
i really want it to be holiday time ... VFestival 
I really want me some iHop breakfast. Sounds delish. 
I REALLY want one of the gordon brown &quot;EPIC FAIL&quot; t-shirts that @charltonbrooker had on newswipe. Charlie, if you see this... Please! 
I really want some Viennese truffles 
I really want the sun to shine tmorro so I can play on the field in college 
i really want this phone  http://bit.ly/bPIgI
I really want this puppy. I hope I can get it  sleep.
I REALLY want to ask Dita Von Teese what sex with Brian Warner was like.. but I know she won't reply. I bet it was really weird... 
I'm $360 richer! Thanks SCAD! Plus a $100 for my futon, a $107 for the dress I bought for @meganfosho, $36 and $45 for my taxi service. 
I'm .. Chocolate .. high 
I'm @ Lisa Freds, fun night  Sleep hopefully.
I'm @ my party and people are starting to arrive! This weeiend is all about me and nobosy esle 
I'm 120 emails behind 
IM 15 IN 2 hours and 15 minutes  http://tinyurl.com/n6czl4
I'm 16 now..OMG,I'm 16..Can't realize it  Tamara,Anne,Julia and Madzia? Ich liebe euch :*
i'm 17 tomorrow  @iliveinfosh WHATS UP WITH CAMPING?
I'm 18  and not going to jail! could today get any better? I think not.
I'm 18 on tuesday! &amp; I have a cool new manual transmission car to learn to drive 
im 18 years old for tonight  hahaa.
I'm 19 and I'm watching hannah montana. I love @mileycyrus and @billyraycyrus 
im 20 going on 30 ) i have a feeling im gonna like my section. 
I'm 20 years old. Doesn't feel any different. Still going to tons of shows &amp; causing trouble  with my girls. I guess that never gets old. 
I'm 22 and my friends are awesome! thanks for the cake, balloon, and kitkats @lizzie009 
i'm 22! cleaning. happy birthday to @jordanwillfly 
Im 2hyper 2&quot;relax&quot; now.  Im gonna eat a breakfast burrito&amp;help my dad hang a new chandelier I got 4 my bathroom.THIS COULD GET SCARY!lol
I'm still studying, nothing new....same ol shit. Get at me 
I'm still super bored. But Brauny hit a homer? 
I'm still thinking about HOW amaziingly delicious my Risotto came out!... din-din was too good last nite!  &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
I'm still trying to figure out  this whole twitter thing....anyone wants to help explaine it to me? 
im still trying to finish hw. slowly getting over it though. i think ill finish tomorrow. second to last week of school starts tomorrow 
Im still up lol 
I'm stoked about tomorrow 
im stoked for the movies today  movies+person+me=BOMB! oh, and @steven_warren i totally agree with you.
I'm stoked I'm going to a pro arena football game tonight! Hot date...with my cousin 
im stoked to see amanda  AND TO GO TO THAMES STREET!
i'm stoked to this week's AI finale! i feel nostalgic bout last year's finale.  i'm happy for archie and cook's great careers.
I'm straightening An's hair D i loveeee Ching &lt;3 
I'm stressed to the max, as usual 
Im stronger than you ever thought I am 
Im 8 away from 9000 updates...I will use them for random (drunken) tweeting 
I'm a 100% Reagan con according to this quiz http://quizfarm.com/run.php/QuizRunner 
i'm a big Zero Punc fan, this review off duke nukem forever just topped it all off for me             http://tinyurl.com/pv7u25
i'm a bird &amp; this is my first tweet ? 
I'm a book, check me out! This is how you drive  ah ily!
im a boy to tell ya all 
im a butterfly! 
I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here Premieres June 1st 
Im a cheapskate, i prefer to printout the binary digits of the platters onto paper 
I'm a college grad now 
I'm a creepy fucker today  but at lease relaxed and listening to shat out of hell by Dani and his Unhygenic Cradles
im a dork...i cant wait for the New Moon trailer coming out tonight hehe 
I'm a fan of 2NE1, SS501 - this is coool! my fave. , Fahrenheit/ Fei Lun Hai - The best. 
im a farm girl now, goin gettin my lovely pinky strawberry's  , Yummm
i'm a filthy youth 
I'm a fishy too  rt@monchalee Pisces, Jun 1: Toss out the clutter in your life -- fears, doubts -- use the extra space to thrive.
im a follow ya'll tooooo cause me is bboredr dan bored 
I'm a font freak. Just ordered The Typographic Desk Reference (see http://typedeskref.com/). Can't wait! 
I'm a freshman on twitter. 
I'm a geek wannabe:  my name is going to Mars.    California is winning in the nerd quotient, though.  Can't have that.
I really want to be a star...Hope Flawless will work 
I really want to get glasses. I have $150. I'm good. I hope I can get some. 
I really want to go to that concert. Lord, give me an adult to come w/ us. Haha 
i really want to go to the zoo today... 
I REALLY want to play prototype now after playing some inFAMOUS, just to see the comparisons 
I'm stuck with twitter wheter i like it or not. I'm back 
I'm study for a test in thursday !   is really boriing :/
i'm studying for my coming final examinations for my summer classes... 
I'm studying history and writing a song. I'm happy and busy. 
im such a dancer head.....been on youtube all day watching body rock 2009 videos....everyone did so good  congratz cookies!!
i'm such a fool, i dont even know what it is about you? need to go get some things in town, including a photo for my provisional licence 
I'm such a freeloader, i'll eat anything as long as its for free 
I'm such a geek. Writing a decryption program for &quot;fun&quot;. 
Im such a lazy butt today!  just watching my show with vivi! http://twitpic.com/6jgrt
I'm such a lucky girl today 
i'm such a sellout tonight.....got freemasons on. i just like it . and ive had nothing thrown at me yet 
I'm such a slacker. Only 2 walls for 2008 season. I'll make some time for some new ones and start thinking about 2009. 
i'm such a spendthrift.....today i bought  new ipod shuffle ...of  course it is really small but its perfect for exercising etc 
I really want to see DisneyNature's Earth this week (polar bears are my favorite!) anyone want to come? 
i really want to see up ! it looks so cute 
I really want to start working already. I really do. IMMA BE DAH BEST CASHIER EVA! 
im such a sucker for great cottys 
I'M SUCHHHH A DUMBASS  this is why i lose my voice! Ulrich Firelord http://bit.ly/jKVqp
I'm Supa Bored                                                                                                       Yay For twitter Spam 
im SUPER excited 
I'm super excited for the tea party! 
I'm super glad I got to catch up with my best friend. We still have so much in common. It makes me smile 
I'm super tired but also full of energy. It's odd. Let's do something! 
I'm super tired.. but work is callinnggg. 
im suppose to be working but instead im twittering 
i'm a genie in the bottle, baby! just tweet #KevinJonas and people will follow you! Follow Friday  hahahaha
IM a girl not a guy just to make sure with you!    im not one of those people who are like hey im a huge fan!  ive seen your vids thier...
I'm a good friend because i'm loyal and caring,and i'll stick up for you now matter what.....Never will i be a fake friend 
I'm a happily ever after girl  dont ask whyy
I'm a horrible person and ain't been on Facebook in so long so friend welcome and follow our friend @tweetyelitou u too! Miss ya back 
I'm a laser tag ninja! 9th/36! (And Sharonites/Brookliners need to come to my neck of the woods more often) 
im a little bit blonde again 
Im a little kid again!  At the nickel arcade with joe and his 2 boys 
I'm a little sore from my run yesterday but pleased with myself for keeping it up 
i'm a little tipsy right now, funny smile on my face 
I'm a LONE SOLDIER. Aha! That's how I really feel. Taking on my own battles &amp; shit. Spare me the drama &amp; just let me do it! 
I'm a lot happier than I should be these days. 
I'm a lover not a fighter  smh @ the girl drama last night!
I'm a man of my word I told u I would keep in touch and I will 
I'm supposed to be on my break but here I am tweeting while I work. 
im suppper excited 4 tomorrow!  its going to be amazing!!!!
Im sure Joe Jonas was a brit but moved to America Lol  x
I'm sure that i'll not sleep this night 
I'm sure The Ting Tings could do the same thing. 
I'm sure we can't be that from from #xboxe3 being a trending topic 
I'm sure your niece baked good pastries coz she spent labor, time and love with it. Cool! for Manny P.?? nice one, cool! 
im surfin.. 
I'm surprised i still can quote 'Night at the Roxbury' .. 
I'm surprisingly chipper 4 a Monday morning. esp considering I dnt get much zzz last nite... (via @curiousillusion) me 2, only 2hrs 
I'm swag surfing on my way to work 
Im swag,im surfin!  im excited about tomorrow, whoknows whats gonna happen. all i kknow,is that its gonna be gooood.
i'm sweet like sugar 
im swiching to my ipod ppl  
I'm switching to Gmail! Kindly send all emails to munteng115@gmail.com  Thank you! And about Gtalk... I wonder how it works. 
I'm taking a field trip to go put putting!  My school is better than yours
i'm taking a nap, then heading to my moms to hopefully have some fun tonight! 
I'm Taking Applications 
I'm taking little brother on a date to the movies 
I'm taking some time to forward all unsolicited, spam, scams, and mail from lists to which i did not subscribe to spamcop 
I really wish I didn't get the Sunday blues.  Mondays just aren't my thing 
I'm taking the first step.. finally 
I'm taking voice lessons via Youtube   Go cheap, people.  Go cheap.
I'm talking about them  Come on lions! #lions
Im talking nerdy with an old friend  
I'm talking on the phone with my sweetie  I'm feeling more confident now...
im talking to a guy who is a pathetic dork who happens to be my best guy friend 
I'm talking to a guy. His name is Jeremy 
I'm talking to Amanda now. About The Mars Volta. 
im talking to my sis and friend angelo  open my plurk. GOODluck to PACMAN! u can do it.
i'm teaching the 11am sunday sunshine yoga class , if u miss that then 6.15pm sunday bliss yoga class at aditiyogacentre in edinburgh - 
I'm telling my Unholy Confessions 
I'm telling Twitter what I'm doing. 
im telling ye, once i get a Job, then my own place, my life will change for the better  especially my Routine, Aye, not for a long time;)
I'm test-driving the new giveaway   top secret for a few more days.
I'm texting with my mother in law. Bizarre. Also, yay for rain and sleeping in! 
I'm texting with Ralf using chikka. yiee! 
i'm thankful everyday, for the gift 
I'm thankful my best friend is amazing, and we can last through a retarded boy. 
I'm thankful that I'm not a person who usually breaks down into tears. Sometimes, maybe. But I don't cry like it's the end of the world. 
I'm thankful to see another beautiful day 
I'm that &quot;Special Somebody&quot; 
I'm the best you'll ever have  !!
I'm THE BEST! VICTORIA!!!  yaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy!!! xD
I'm the birthday girl 
I'm the birthday girl. 
I'm the happiest girl in the world right now... 
I'm the happiest I've been in months  i love you
I'm the HBIC!!!!!!! 
I'm the luckiest girl with the greatest of friends 
im the nova chat room, with all ma ppl 
I'M THE ONE WHO MADE IT SMELL LIKE THAT I ADMIT AND FEEL A LOT BETTER!!!!  and raymond keep yo mouth shut!!
I'm the only one wearing pants today! 
I'm the proud aunt of baby Afrikaah Itzel 7.9 lbs 20.2 in 
I'm the queen of scrambled eggs. 
IM the TwitterWhoreKING follow me and love me lol  ty for followeing love you guys 
I'm think about bringing back the fanny pack, who's with me? 
im thinkin' monday night may have just become my new favorite night of the week...   
Im thinkin no more late nites or busy days fr me in a while .. I need a while 2 catch up  dnt say gudbye jst dry ur eyes ;) . XxO
I'm thinking about birthday presents... Well, I'm going to be 34 in July, so I like to cheer myself up by thing of goodies 
I'm thinking about either Folklift or Flow. If anyone has any advise or dicount codes that'd be great  #Mac #Apps #FTP
I really, really, really want to give you a sucker punch! 
I received a call from Fe Fe. I feel much better and more content. 
I received an email from a shop owner at Raffles place inviting me to sell my accessories there!  How awesome is that?
i reckon another star wars movie should come out 
i'm a novice. i think it's unusefull service. but i'm try it 
im a premium member of picnik now and couldnt resist being a member of flickr premium too. still satisfied 
i'm a proud jerichoholic and i'll always be! 
im a sexi bitch who hugged not such a sexi bitch 4 a daree 
I'm a sleepyboos. Church in the morning! 
i'm a stubbalin fool after a bottle of white and a bottle of red i'm switchin to aqua sin gas lol 
I'm a sucker for a boy who can make me laugh! 
I'm a tweetin' 
i'm a twitter too 
Im a verry lucky person and part of the reason is my amazing friends 
I'm a very happy clam right now. 
i'm a winner  i finished 10 km!
I'm about to be knocked out...HAVE SWEET DREAMS 
I'm about to buy myself some new shoes. maybe that will brighten up my day 
I reckon Gary watches too much TV and gets easily wound up 
i reckon i could live of yogurt for a week if i had a good selection of flavors 
I reckon myspace is better 
i reckon there is a compatibility problem with IE8 and older chm files. do i dare try rolling back to IE7? i think not 
I recommend @ohsotony because... he always has something to say, it seems!! 
I reeeeeeaaaalllly hope I get to see my bffffffffffff tonight!!!!!  
i reeeeeeeeally need to sleep now. night 
I reek of wine... yuck. if i go to sleep now, i'll have nightmares. anyone care to text me and keep them at bay? 
i remember &quot;both guys&quot; 
I remember doing my research paper/presentation on this. lol  http://www.engadget.com/2009/04/07/video-da-vinci-si-robotic-system-want ...
I remember the first time we danced. I remember tunneling through the snow like ants. 
I remember the site, check this out, http://angryalien.com/ . it's shorts videos made with rabbits. choose one and hope you enjoy 
Im about to eat again  ummm yeah I think I eat too much lol , but I have to so... lol
I'm about to get home &amp; go to bed.....Night twitters! 
i'm about to go out for a run... yesterday i ran for 51 minutes!!!! thanks to my music idols for coming along in my ipod 
i'm about to go to bed though because that 3 hrs last night just didn't work well for me. have a goodnight everyone 
I'm about to go to Ringwood with Kyleeeeeeeeee  i'm tons excited.
I'm about to go to the Supplier of Beauty  Yay!!!
I'm about to make a late night sandwich. Somebody stop me.. PLEASE!!..sandwich it is 
I'm about to try out Opera 10 beta 1...seems to be impressive 
i'm about to wash m? hair :L and getting fitted for a bridesmaid dress this afternoon; then clubbing tonight 
I'm actually ahead of the game for tomorrow.  I just have a couple of things to do tomorrow (laundry and errands included).  
I'm actually am quite in love with We The Kings. I really am. I think they are amazing. 
I'm actually doing something social tonight. 
I'm actually home the rest of the night 
I'm thinking about going to bed.. but it's still early. goshhhh. so excited for tomorrow!  
i'm thinking about joining a burlesque troupe, i hope they take me 
I'm thinking about the noodle spillage I had at lunchtime, I love my friends... they're everything you could ask for 
I'm thinking Beya. Ill know when I see her. 
i'm thinking bright red 
I'm thinking crazy thoughts! But the only person that'll hold me back is ME! Gonna &quot;Just Do It&quot;! 
i'm thinking i want to do one of those black and white parties. so much potential for racist jokes.  hahah jkjk
I'm thinking it's time to study.  Except the whole motivation factor is lacking... 
I'm thinking large fines and a night in the lockup might be a small price to pay for waiting this long for a cab 
I'm thinking of starting an Unfollow Friday on a few folks     Do you think it will be a new trend?
im thinking raspberry barry m nail paint today  nice for summer dont you think ? Xxxxx
I'm thinking this will be a pretty decent way to spend the next 45 mins or so?!    http://twitpic.com/6g7ag
I'm thirsty. Need H20. Hmm, how handy. @yardsnacker picked up some fresh well water. All set now. 
I'm thirsty. Sunny D perhaps? 
I'm thoroughly convinced that a good cold glass of chocolate milk is a cure-all 
I'm thrilled that some of our songs has been played on a radiostation in Kabul, Afghanistan  henrik, Copenhagen
I'm throwing in the towel, nite nite twitterverse  #squarespace
I'm tired  hahaha, and warm  Lina wants Ice Cream 
I'm Tired ! Like To Eat Some Nuggets 
im tired ... really tired , maybe i should say hello to my soft bed 
I'm tired and going to bed now! 
im tired but i dont feel like going to bed but i will anyways. goodnight tweeters 
I remember when I met Karmichael Hunt and we sent the pic to my grandma... She thought that he was my boyfriend!!! LOL!... I wish! 
I remembered my twitter password  kewl
I remembered what i have to do tomorrow! Yaay!! 
I rescued my little trees from next door's bramble invasion. Ahhh....the satisfaction of a job well done 
I respect web designers so much more knowing how difficult it has been inputting all the information on my site 
I returned from the sea, there was simply excellent 
I rock my monobite 
i rock so many socks off. 
I rode my bike in to work today for the first time in a month. It was a good feeling. 
I run like a Kenyan when a guy comes on too strong! 
i'm actually organised for school today! I've got my optus phone working again, anyone wants my number, dm me 
im actually quite liking the new JLS and Gossip songs...rather catchy! 
I'm actually ready EARLY for work :| thats a first. 4 hour shift onlyy wooo 
i'm actually starting to quite like lily allen and her music, to be honest. 
I'm actually very busy today.. the day is just flying by! It's now lunch time 
i'm addicted to 'aint no sunshine' by kris allen. love love LOVE it. 
I'm addicted to icecream sandwiches 
Im addicted to NSN now. I Love Christofer Drew. Charles Thanks alot 
I'm addicted to Pizza Cheese Pizza ya knO frm tha lil side shoPS...I honestly cld eat it everyday Marks pizzeria YummmmYyy 
I'm addicted to the magic bullet infomercial! Haha 
im addicted to the new JLS song  ;P
im addicted to the sausage in the school canteen 
i'm addicted to victoria's secret ! cant wait till my bathing suits come  !
I'm addicted to video.  Heading out for more cameras and then @Starbucks 
I'm adopting a new philosophy on life. I'm calling it the &quot;Lottie perspective.&quot; No matter what I have a perfect life. 
IM adventure comming soon!!! 
i saaaay take me out 
I said all of that to say... Never lose sight of YOUR focus! Its ok to stop and smell the flowers but always keep in mind the destination 
I said I'm making dinner. He said what are my options. I said whatever you want. He said spaghetti. I adore he 
I said, hey, I got my new shoes on and suddenly everything's bright.  I love my new shoes!! So pretty 
I saw &quot;drag me to hell&quot; Last night. I liked it, very entertaining. 
I saw a carshow and check-out all music-styled cars. They're so cool. I want the car with a home theater at the back seat. lol. 
I saw a concert of @johncmayer on youtube when he sing &quot;gravity&quot; whoa!! just beautiful, i love so much&lt;3 
I saw a kid that kinda looked like Nick Jonas today in church. he was so flippin cute. funny kid too. 
i saw a woodpecker today , too bad he was too fast to take a picture  i did take a picture of a wild bunny though 
I saw all these at FIDM's Debut 2009 fashion show and it was amazing! a job well done  @robthrive http://twitpic.com/6f6s6
i saw ate pao at the church this morning. she's really good at drums! i just cant compare myself.im dumbfounded.aha! 
I'm tired for 3 days' trip too much! I'll fling myself to the sleeping mat.... See you tomorrow 
