i don't give a shit what people say!! @tracecyrus is a total sweetheart!! @ddlovato is so lucky to have a guy like him in her life 
i dont hav 2 goto skool b'cus H1N1  that's great 4 me to hav a vacation Yippy~~
I don't have a boyfriend so gimee a break 
i dont Have AIDS! it's creepy that some of my followers are orgs fighting AIDS. haha. 
@JacobsPillow @PillowPR I've just been looking around at dance festival websites, yours seems to be the best! 
@Jacobswolf Yay and the sea saw 
@JacobToups ****takes bow*** thank you..I've joined the tech world 
@JacobWolfe I Love that Song! 
@JacobWolfe Ooooo, can't wait!  I'm ready 
@jaconsultants ah ok. Well of you ever need a contact in south bay you know where to find me 
@Jacooba i just relized that ur pic is u and ur dog u found at petland. we might go there today, ill see if i can find &quot;frenchy&quot; lol 
@JacopoSarno have fun there!! 
@jacoutofthebox @XurxoVidal LOL! Guess I better add &quot;Blog interventionist&quot; to my bio here.   As for getting together, count me in. 
@jacponce Thanks for the follow mate. 
@jacqcasaje  whoa! it's already 8:30, dude! This is so not you! That's okay, was still able to swim.  
@jacqherselman great wknd of #rugby you guys have #super14 semi &amp; we have #heinekencup final.. Don't ya just love rugbywknd 
@jacqjacqjacq MML is pretty cool. 
@jacqmarie Thanks, slissle-head! Add some hair scratches to your head from me 
@jacquanda Oh exciting! 
@jacque1inee I agree. I'm just getting up 
@jacquelinalexis haha well lets just hang out soon  text me 864 608 2465
@jacqueline__vo Thanks for following me. You go to my school, no? 
@jacqueline47 hope shes quick about it.lol 
@jacqueline47 what out from under your feet? lol 
@jacqueline47 yh I was, and drinking a lot of G&amp;T in the process 
@jacquelinesteps Thanks!  Actually, when I first got my twitter, my pictures wouldn't upload either. But they upload, it just takes a
@JacquelineV aw thanks 
@jacquelynrachel  - awwww, I've met him many times as a kid.  Been in his house. He used to be my neighbor, he lives in Fullerton. 
@jacquelynsylvan I've decided to go ahead with it. I think it would be interesting 
@jacqueocs hi! settings are based in your normal iPhone settings screen.. GPS is built in when u tweet if you tap the 'locate me' button 
@Jacques1988 So I cant send u a direct message back because youre not following me. Monmon is a nickname I've had for ages. Im pro monmon 
@jacquesfurbeyre Bohol!!!  I've never been to Ilocos, though, so I'm a little biased.=P
@jacquestohme i must add there is nothing wrong with a well executed fist pump. i can smell your insecurity, jaan 
@jacquesvh hows your study going mr? we're missing you in the atrium study rooms 
@JacquieZ Thanks, Jax. 
@jaculynn Nice! Enjoy!! It's been hot here..but nothing can stop us from going out and having a good time 
@jaculynn no, just how to cram 100 newspapers onto it for travel 
@jacvanek  high five ! we're watching the same thing 
@jacvanek  im not telling them..im showing them how much i loved them.. 
@jacvanek exactly 2 months until its rupert grint time. 
@jacvanek happy birthday... its mine too  hope you have a good dayy
@jacvanek Tweet #Jizzersforlife  We're FBR fans, we're jizztastic, and we're trying to make it onto the Trending Topics. Help us out? 
@jacvanek when you're on, send me a message pleaasseee. i have a question 
@jacvicious why limit your story to 140 ch. Tell all what is annoying you at www.iamsoannoyed.com ,it will help relieve your stress 
@JacyRawls - That movie is awesome.. well Channing Tatum is.  Oh and Australians say twitter 'twitta'. haha
@jAD0ReQUi lmao okkk im done! Promise 
@JadaMusic can't wait for you album!.. u girls are so talented  xoxo..
@JadBean thanks  missing you guys too
@Jade_Jonas hello sweetie  im good thnx u? Xx
@jade2468 Jade boyyyyy!   I love you  ; )  haha.
@jadealyssa wtf is nudged i just pressed it by mistake sorry ahahha  i love u ! 
@JadeAstaria no hangover?  ooof, not so lucky on this end!  glad you had a great time though. 
@jadecoffman Wtg! 
@jadedmatt night matty 
@Jadedmind I feel your pain. 
@jadedownes HAVE FUN 
@JadeeJonasss good luck with yours  we had to do french at our school. we couldnt choose :/ which sucks...
@JadeeJonasss Haha, Great Jonas Buddy Experiences  x
@jadeepops omg yay!! you'll get it  soon you'll be famous, better remember me when your living in hollywood :L
@JadeEwenFan i can't wait to hear it 
@jadegordon Yeah, I picked it up after being down here for nearly 18 years.  
@JadeJadore u know its all love with me  shame u not at the factory when i got some change and my bday comin up
@JadeK I knew that, no problem 
@jadela01 the seats on the floor aren't bad 
@JadeLee_ ahhhh today was the bestest  can't wait for tmoz hope u can come  xxx
@Jadelinaa that i still got over a 3.0 
@JadeLittish i got paranoid off iTunes 
@JadeLovesJB walkin down your street now  x
@jademaid I'm still in my pj's too 
@jademus unlaws??haha. How do u update via your phone. I've added the device but dunno what to do next 
@jadennation cookies *after* study periods? Just let me know... 
@jadennation's show was amazing like always! Stayed up for him - he better be happy! Night all  x
@jadeofjades  I Hope You're Okay.Do What Beyonce Do...
@Jaderade_ oh yeah that's right! I saw that in @joshthomas87's tweet. well at least you have work on a public holiday, hurray 
@JadeRenee Thank you! 
@jaderibeiro lol event management. no prerequisites 
@jaderoberts91 everyone has something interesting to say  it takes a while to get used to but u'll be fine. look forward to ur tweets 
@jaderoberts91 i am very honourered i will follow you too 
@jadesamantha_ it was awesome!  i'll upload the pics to flickr.
@jadeshecky I'm doing Kenpo Cardio+ today - It's a great alternative to Kenpo X but definitely takes some coordination! 
@JadeSkylar YAY August will be the best ever. I'm going to the anaheim &amp; Nokia one. Plus 2 Jonas concerts 
@JadeTheOne777 aw thankyou  x
@jadevickibarber good luck in your audition  love your voice!
@JadeWEBB_ I know who to do this fancy reply thingo now 
@jadeycozo7 I know right  That is so true, I'm nice like that... All caring &amp; whatnot... Suck it up princess!!
@jadeylou09 Lord no! lol I wouldn't pass :p it was a raffle prize I won for a day make over and pics   was fun to do though.
@jadezeller i miss my jadaaaaaakissssss  HELLO CALL ME SOMETIME WOMAN!!!!!!
@Jadie15 A man's gotta do... and all that 
@jadlat ho ! hello 
@jadoon88 by twitter bird I meant, small bird yar i can't remember then name. &quot;jhirki&quot; 
@jadoon88 so am I xD. I'll be free in just three days.. xD 
@jadoon88 yeh bhi sahi he. ur identity is being a programmer 
@Jadore Marmite Thanks for the #FF. Just got in so don't think my brain can do it tonight a4 midnight. Oh hang on #FF @JadoreMarmite aah 
@JadoreMarmite Glad to hear it  Keep swearing, it always helps.
@JadoreMarmite I deserve it - I was bored. It was an experiment. It worked though 
@jadpad of course!   I was on IMDB during the viewing - checking facts, awards, trivia etc - fascinating stuff
@jadysalonga I know.. awesome time! It's been awhile since the last time JREV! 
@Jae_1124 you weren't thinking. the margaritas were thinking 4 u. 
@JAE_MILLZ is so crazy. 
@JaeBlvd still hustlin you know me babe 
@JaeJohnson i saw it 2day 
@jaelyrae praying for all u guys! Tell Zoe the Plancks love her!! 
@JAENASTy now u don't ever have 2 use the keyboard they put everything with a touch screen keyboard 
@jaesdesign Hehe  I'd like to go take a class as a refresher!
@JaeSmash Yea i jus snt a request 
@jaesonma &quot;cutie pie&quot; you can make bread!!!!! 
@jaespera MISS, u know what ur getting for ur barfday lol.   or wait u dont lol.
@JaeTips lololol! noooot happening. I'll get one as soon as I get out of town. i'm gonna post a pic JUST for you 
@jafane5  like I said, eaiser than blocking them  might as well know what they are in for!
@jafane5  lol I like Iffany-Tay better,but really only b/c I like pig latin 
@jaffajaked   
@jaffne I'm glad to report that the heating's now off so no office switch will be required 
@jafurtado I miss London art and culture! The Tate Modern has to be one of my favourites! 
@jagadee had to attend a birthday party tonight, but defly checking this out tomorrow 
@jagalubnan lol i know! how exciting! only 2 now  i'm gonna check yours and see how many you have left, just out of nosyness 
@jagamac Yay, I'm so glad you came!  We have to hang out again soon! 
@jaganm oh yeah !  we are getting a bunch the coming Saturday - make sure you keep yourself free and check em out.
@jagelzey ahaha idk I guess so 
@jaggy A link to the photos and stuff? 
@JAGnLA LOL!  did you see the model?
@jagregory I am todays &quot;access denied&quot; person, appearently. connecting from my school, so i might be in black list 
@jagregory Impossible is an awefully optimistic word in the world we live in 
@jagtgiraf http://twitpic.com/6cwqz - What a nice shot 
@jaguarjulie Thank ya! It just needed a little freshening this a.m. It was wallowing at the bottom. But I guess one has to take the spot 
@jagusti Welcome back to sunnny Sheffield 
@jagzz doing at home phone job when ppl order stuff off the TV...it's not great but it's decent money and I can work when I want. 
@jahbini Thank you for the retweet 
@jahbryll   must go now...c u later bye
@jahbryll  good nite lol im on  but i must go because i was in school...my teacher was angry  xP u r cute 
@jahbryll  oh poor guy  what time is it ?
@jahendler what, are you crazy? 
@JahFyah - thanks for lunch at the Graceful and a perfect day yesterday 
@jahuston that sounds tasty. 
@jahzielcarleen http://twitpic.com/7ga9d - Hahah fantastic! That girl over there is looking badly at you 
@JaiAsh name&gt;&gt;&gt;ARE_OH_ES_ES.. BROOKLYN&gt;&gt;hopefully something productive!!! 
@JaiBrandon oh phew! You're alive, sorry you're lost... good luck! Oh and make sure your doors are locked 
@jaideeh I said the weekend would go really quick lol 
@jaideeh nah just been busy this morning 
@JaiDior miserable...but I shall survive. 
@JaiHall HAAA! Look who has a twitter... 
@jaihill lol, it's not till tomorrow dude. 
@jaikil Thank you, Miss Jaime! 
@jaikil You're totally correct in every aspect. 
@jail4bail sorry man! I make a mean carrot consome too heh 
@jaimarie I LOVE her blog! She keeps it REAL! 
@Jaime_2400 I love LOTMS. I watched it just the day before yesterday! 
@Jaime_Rivera I can't navigate without spoken instructions; I do have Google Maps for searching tho 
@Jaime120899 Grooveshark is a music link where I listen to all my tunes! Click it its fun!  xx
@jaimechiens I'll second that 
@jaimedoyle I wonder how long she'll last. I give her 3 days 
@jaimeeashley hehe he's so cute 
@JaimeeLouise  i like both of those statements a little too much.
@jaimeelynnjonas I know! &amp; only I would say &quot;ninja kicks!&quot; &amp; kick my leg in the air for no reason  &amp; then almost kick jaimerz in the face.
@JaimeExperience u wont be dissapointed 
@jaimeherndon nice!  So glad you dig it!  Please spread the word and tell all your NYC peeps to get a copy.  I'm still BROKE!  
@JaimeMcKnight  Sent you the pix  and THANK YOU!!
@JaimeMcKnight sorry people were so rotten 2 u!  ur a great lady!!
@jaimemintun The pics on your latest blog post are t-i-n-y. 
@jaimgee I hope you slept good jaimie! im going to the coleseum.. I hope your trip/drive goes good.. ill text you later  I love you!
@jaimiegraham ooooh, I like the way you think! Thank you, sir! 
@JaimieH  I miss you to! I want to come back and go to the beach! 
@JaimieH We started early  His bday is actually today. We had cake last nite that was heavenly, tonite is a Phillies game. Thnx 4 askng 
@jaimiejenkins congratulations Jaimie...  lots of walks   if you need ANY advice... please let me know.
@jaimiesortino yah yah sounds good  we should try say hello before or after le show
@jaimilicious Thank you so much 4 your ongoing support!!!!!    #fibro #endo
@jaimy_marie You betcha! One more comment is one more comment. It doesn't take me much time &amp; it's good for you, so... 
@Jaineen Good morning I was waiting for that coffee.  LOL 
@jaiotu the slab said,you crack me up...   hahahahahahahaaha
@jairodriguez That's hott. I love a man with tattoos 
@jaisaganir @LaurenBaptiste i heard party!  hahah
@jaisey Hah! We should really just embrace our giant dorky-ness.  
@jaithemon Nope. If you find out how, let me know 
@jajacobs you're very welcome   Glad to hear it since I forgot I still had a few notes to post...
@jajanika Let's go after payday. Not only do we have money, but they'll also have bigger discounts and newer stocks. 
@JAJMiami: Hey mister! Good luck with your oodles of work 
@Jakanden LOL...I feel like I earn the right to do it occasionally.  hey we need to do a day hike sometime.
@jake_gyll why not twitter some movie reccomendations? i'd dig that 
@jake2121 well that's cool  who's the director?
@jake61341 correct  and I still dunno if were staying with you...we should SEE you though, regardless
@jake61341 I highly recommend you go get yourself a nice refreshing mountain of colorful sugary sno.  cheap date! 
@jake74 loved Space: 1999. 
@jakeashley  got to see your soundcheck today and immediatly fell in love with your band lol 
@jakeashley already done haha 
@jakeashley cant wait till ur may 22 show!!  u better stop by and hang out in newcastle  xx
@jakeashley http://twitpic.com/6gcq4 - looovvveee it  are you selling it at sway? if so i am buying one!!! xx
@jakeashley that shirt is awesome   cant wait to buy one 
@jaked76 Only if you ask them nicely 
@jakeg82 You dont need any tickets for FOWA Tour, just bring yourself as you will register on arrival at ARU at 9am, see you there! 
@jakegenocide sneaky? what am I being sneaky about? haha juice boxes? 
@jakegregory haha okay! Thanks for the recommendation! 
@jakehh thankyou sooo much for the code...i am now registered 
@jakeisonline I studied film there and a few films turned out like that   (last tweet from wrong account)
@jakemay1 you are very welcome! 
@JakeMaydayP CONGRATS! I'M SO PROUD OF YOU GUYS! haha. i'm stoked for the record. i'll be buying it 
@JakeMaydayP If you guys are by U-Yee's in Woodbridge, go there! 1/2 off sushi today!  And they have hibachi!
@JakeMaydayP say happy birthday to your girlfriend for me! 
@JakeMaydayP Say hi to Brazil, Jake 
I ordered all the parts to build my own sprinkler system computer. I have no formal EE training but what is the worst that can happen? 
I ordered it!! I should be getting my Medical ID bracelet by the end of June!!  YAY! #diabetes #type1
I ordered two pairs of shoes from Zappos yesterday morning and they'll be here tomorrow. Free shipping. I love Zappos 
I outran the thunderstorms today 
i outslept hannah. now im gona go and read  woo
i own at chess 
i painted a pretty kick ass flamingo last night 
I painted my nails bubblegum pink. Haven't painted them pink since I was little. It's kinda weird and new, but I kinda like it 
i pass!!!!!! i feel so thankful!!!  but senior high school is done, that's too bad :'(( @melisadisti thanks, adisss!!!
I passed all my ogts.  i did the best in science
I passed my pathology test! Hazzah 
I passed my written  Yay
I passed the exam...yeah!!! 
I pealed a lemon... And liked it 
I personally liked this obama speech thing, dont know why all the americans are all up in arms aboot it 
I personaly like Harry Potter, And I encourage kids to read the book, It is Wholesome FOR FUCK SAKES....
i really really want the new LG Xenon cellular phone 
i really sad about a thing...that ONE special thing...aaaah ... ok lunch now  (and my sister is here)
i really should be studying for ancient, i know nothing about... preserved human remains 
I really should stop all that hand-flapping over TV. Today's offender: In Plain Sight. I &lt;3 Marshall, and this ep's witness is hot! 
i really shud update twitter more but sure what can u do 
i really STRONGLY DISLIKE my hackin phone. I wish my dad will buy me a new one!  hehe
I really think another trip to the maldives would be the best thing all round.  Ahh paradise!
I don't have the energy to reply to comments right now...haha! maybe later. [ooooh! it's 11:11 A.M. make a wish!] 
I don't have the fake fascination like i once did before. Cause i no longer have to pretend i like you 
I don't have the job yet. But hopefully soon. Thanks! @notoriousflirt: @avengelynne Sweet! Congrats! 
I don't have tweetdeck here but can't DL it cos he's used his limit thing today half DLing updates. yes, half. Silly boy 
I don't know about my followers.. all of them stop to following me...  but its okey... next time... I'll collect 5million followers
I don't know but I am buzzing from the french roast I had this morning WOW  should of just had a shot of expresso!!!
i pick up hanna from school   that's funny xD http://bit.ly/3s9auf
I plan on doing nothing all day long until 5 when I have to go to work. I love saturdays  work tomorrow. monday: gym and land of the lost.
I plan on getting the Simply Springfield website up and running next week, too - hopefully!  
i plan on laying by the pool all day! 
I plan on Reading ten books throughout summer.  any ideas on what I should read?
I Plan On Sleeping In Tomorrow. 
i plan to start a new char in WOW this week  i have a shaman but will be playing druid again  LOVE new forms!! http://tinyurl.com/p3tudw
I play it since like 3 years but i never was so into it 
i play world of warcraft 
I played a few games of Canasta at Pogo.com tonight in memory of my mom.  She and I and my spouse used to play online often together.  
I played a grand total of 72 holes of disc golf last weekend. Any one want to play later today? 
I played a song, tapped the screen to get the time left bar thingy and there were lyrics on the screen that I could scroll though! 
i played little big planet today with @blogdesignblog..it was pretty fuN! took it home too 
i poke her face - kid cudi  . . . lovee it 
i really think that this shit is stupid. 
i really try to finish my homework.. but i'm up to other things.. like dancing and jumping. arounnd.. because i'm soo happy... 
I really wana go out in sun...but i'm so red! have to be Football Manager, Top Gear and Jeremy Kyle 
I really wanna get 700 tweets before bedtime 
I really wanna see that movie The Hangover!! Who wants to take me?!  http://bit.ly/mDF96f
I really want a black guns n roses shirt that looks like it has gotten the shit beat out of it.  Can someone please make this happen! 
I really want a brownie batter blizzard.. BRING ME SOME now? 
I posed every way I could think of (lots of &quot;Oh! You caught me on film with my skirt blowing up! Oh my! Oooh!) and then some more. and no 
I posted a ton of the photographer's pictures from my brother's wedding on my Facebook. Go check them out 
I posted every picture on myspaceee  LVATT &lt;3
I posted it  http://tinyurl.com/d9rwby
I pray that theologies become realities today! 
i prefer seafood 
i present today in gov :/ wish me luck 
i pretty much have the best horse. ever. 
I pretty much moved to newquay for the past two weeks... its been the best time i've had in months  x
i probably just did that \/ wrong but idc, its the thought that counts haha 
I prolly wudda been a cute couple with H or A or V Hopefully H. Although V has super good height 
I promise your cuter 
i promised my mom i won't sleep late. but i can't sleep. i just need a half hour or so, then i could go to sleep 
i proper want to go ndubz in july 
I propose a #Twitter4MMO, Twitter for &quot;make money online&quot; experts. To spread among themselves. And leave other alone here 
I pulled that statistic out of nowhere...but it worked! 
i really want a whopper. itd be really awesome for my best friend to bring me onee. 
i really want brownie batter to go with my day of watching americas next top model non stop 
i REALLY want the last 4 days of skool to be the most greatest days of my life because i want to remember this year as my favorite year. 
I really want to bake cookies 
I really want to be in the Twilight sequel... hihi... New Moon! 
i purchased something online for an advanced birthday gift to someone special 
i put @tommcfly in the lead 
I put them in the plastic muffin thing you get when you buy from Foodtown/Countdown... and boy, they look good enough to sell! 
I put your workplace link on my Facebook. Always leave em wanting more, baby girl. 
I question myself, &quot;Why am I online at this time?&quot;. I answer &quot;I don't feel like sleeping right now!&quot; 
I quit I quit I quit : http://tinyurl.com/csesdm omg tc5 new song! v v happy 
I quit today. Cya KFC.  looking for a new job is hard
I R playing Halo 3 with @PWmagic 
I r twittering from my phone 
I ran 3 miles today. Boy does it feel good. 
i ran a little more than 7 miles today @ huntington beach.. reason for doing that? the pier seemed a lot closer than it actually was.. 
I ran around 3.5 km without stopping  I'm so proud of myself!
I ran into John SSN again in the bus today! 
I RAN INTO MY MELLYBELLY!!!! 
I ran the Race for Life this morning, which was lots of fun. I did my fastest 5k race yet, which was good considering the heat! 
I raped Daisy last night.hahaha CHOIR PERFORMANCE LAST NIGHT WAS AWESOME. Glee's performance was EPIC.  Time of my life. 
I rather like my new twitter background. Comments? Be ruthless. 
I rather like to wear clothes. 
I reached 1000 hearts today! Yay! Thanks to everyone who hearted me, great sale tomorrow in honor of it. 
I read in a magazine today, that Simon Cowell thinks Danny will win AI this season. How annoying. I like Adam 
I read the sign at the bowling alley! it said something about dollar bowling on thursdays...SAY WHAT!?!? 
I read tweets all the time but don't tweet that much. Here's a tweet. Seek Jesus  while you can!
i realize im going home... freakin tired and feeling sick. Wish i could stay but i just cant any longer. awesome show tnite, great job. 
I realized i had too much coffee i can't sleep haha. Got home in 3 minutes. no traffic so what to do???  Ugly Betty it is!
I realized today,that Ive been hated on alot this year, from the people I would least expect it from.  IM happy and that's what matters. 
i dont know exactly why but im gonna sign up for tumblr, coz it reminds me of how often my classmates borrow my tumbler in school 
I don't know how and I don't know when, but this year I know @tommcfly.   I can't wait for McFLY in Brasil :O
i don't know how to use twitter and reply to Erika Foy. 
i dont know how to work this. 
I really want to get the Sims 3. 
I really want to go for a run and do yoga instead of study. At least my procrastinations are healthy 
i really want to see 17 Again! lol. unbelievable, I never thought I'd want too, lol. probably going to sleep now, so text in the morning! 
I really want to see night of the museum 2! the jobros have a small part in it!! 
I really want to see the UP movie...  when will they in Indonesian theater..?
i really am going to try to sleep now. *humming Craig David's insomnia.. which have been my theme song for nearly a month now*  bye.
i really appreciate getting in to the office early and the abundance of post it notes in my work area after missing a day at the office 
I really can't wait till nokia n97 is out. If I don't like it, I will get new iPhone (if they sell it for same price as old one). 
I really can't wait until my day out in the park tomorrow 
i really could use an iphone  #squarespace
I really dig this tune  Ruby - Kaiser Chiefs â™« http://blip.fm/~8bgr1
I really wish I could find some cool new workout clothes 
i dont know if its nice out. it looks sunny though! 
I don't know if this is going to come as a suprise or not, but i and @SakoKassabian are officially in a relationship 
I don't know in which language to write here, but looks like it will be english. I apologise for my writen language 
I don't know the name of the donkey, sorry about that  See you later, now we are having dinner and a stroll trough Jerusalem at night
I don't know what am doing with my Philosophy essay. Should have some rest and do that properly afterward. LOL hahahha 
I don't know what film to watch? Someone suggest me something gooood. 
I don't know what I can save you from...Kings of Convencience 
I don't know what I'll do, or what I'll become...only what I am.~ Paul Curran  I couldn't help it I added one more thought 
I dont know what im doing 
i dont know what im doing here       can you tell me what can i post here?
I don't know what I'm doing. 
I really do enjoy working with a certain someone. They always give me a huge self esteem boost 
I really do love Tronji   
I really do want to get together with everybody to play kickball. 
i really don't care much for Susan Boyle.... I wonder if i will now be murdered in my sleep for saying that 
I really don't get this twitter thinggy :| 
I really don't have the time for buzzards...I have chosen to fly with the eagles 
I really don't like all the work teachers give us before finals. =( Going to watch the MTV Movie Awards later! 
I don't know what to do 2morrow! anyone hve an idea?? Please answer meee! 
i dont know what to do ahhh :/ but oh well. emmas home 
I don't know what to do with my 4 domains yet.. hehehe. 
I dont know where YOUR at but its raining where im at 
I don't know why  It's like that
I don't know why but i get major headaches after driving lessons.. So i'm gg to sleep now! Thank God its a long bus ride home. 
I really wish I could live in Columbus...but I am happy and proud today 
I really wish I could read @postsecret  every Sunday morning without crying. ARRRGGGHHH!!!!!!!  
i really don't wanna go home yet. anaheim is oh so nice 
i really wna watch Grease now ha 
i really wouldnt mind if it never snowed or rained again in my life! the sun can always shine  it makes for better days &amp; a happier me!!
I really, really like the song &quot;I Really Fuckin' Love You&quot; - The Pretty Reckless. Hmm cant sing it outloud @ home though 
I really, really want milk tea. It'd make me super happy right now. Not that I'm sad, but milk tea sounds amazing. 
I really, really, really hope Justine wins tonight on #masterchef she's tops 
I realy enjoy the sims 3!! I have yet to resort to murderising my simling for entertainment!! 
I receive an e-mail from Motomichi Nakamura ....totally make my day!!! 
I received an A on my historical analysis paper. I just needed to tell someone 
I don't know why but I'm getting free internet in my room at my hostel. This is AMAZING! Leaving in 20 minutes for the Kelvingrove Museum 
I don't know why I haven't thought of it earlier. Only a handful of RSS feed accounts was preventing me from reading more from humans. 
i dont know why i'm in such a good mood. but i love it.  ~listening to @breatheband
i don't know why im suddenly thrilled with the idea of seeing you again.. can't wait till june o-eight 
i don't know why i've been listening to matt giraud all day. oh yeah, that's right, because i'm like his biggest fan. 
i dont know why that incident makes me want to hyperventilate. i am still in shock but...... maybe its a happy thing 
I don't like bb 
I really enjoy her company. 
I really enjoy payday 
I really enjoyed Diversity, so it's a good thing they won IMHO. 
I really enjoyed the Da Vinci Code but thought I would be disappointed in the other books & # 8230;.
i really fancy a starbucks at the moment. chocolate frap 
I really feel like cuddling. I'm not sad, or mad, or anything. Just want to hold someone. 
I really feel like im alove now. Ive felt dead for years. 
I really feel like listening to old 90's classics that i grew up with and loved, since i was listening to &quot;I'm Blue&quot; 
I really had a great time last night at my friend's birthday 
i really had a great tuesday! guess who i had a meeting with? Gov. Icot Petilla of Leyte and Lorelie Fajardo... subject: land conflict, 
I really have to do some work out.. but I don't wanna.. sad, but necessary. Just hope my leg'll get better.. fear the bikini 
I REALLY hope I'm in a better mood at work today than I was yesterday.  Some Counting Crows to start the day should help 
I really hope that the rain clears up before 1 
i really hope the truck doesnt come... that means i can go home  weeeeeeee
I really hope this Forks weather lasts a few days. I'm kind of in love with the clouds. 
I really like 3OH!3's album. 
I really like girls who's good with martial arts. 
I really like green, just bought both nail varnish and underwear in varying shades of. Also mmm weather. 
I really like it 
I really like it when people put their own models together like this  http://bit.ly/1vHEy
I really like my hair like this   I would do it more often but it takes so loonnnnggg D: http://tinyurl.com/nqtulh
I really like that movie &quot;Taking 5&quot; 
I really like the &quot;Show Top Sites&quot; feature in safari 
I really like the song 'Two Weeks' by Grizzley Bear. 
I really like the weather these days...It's beautiful.  
i really like this guy 
I REALLY like this Kanye video for PARANOID. Songs catchy too not to mention Rihanna  http://bit.ly/vwTCO
I really liked how Park Bom managed to pull off her outfit with those shoes 
I really liked Marilyn's dress. Nice colors  Good to see Michelle too even though she won't read this LOL Liz is banana nuts! Ha ha ha
I really love being home 
I really love coda, you should love to 
I really love cooking  makes me feel sexy lol
I really love how #familyforce5 interacts with fans even if it's on twitter 
I really love Pixar! I absolutely loved 'Up'! It's magic! 
i really love the movie &quot;8 women&quot; (8 filles). its on logo now and its so awesome. it could easily be a play! luv ettt. 
i really love tweeting it's so awesome 
I really loved the 2nd International meeting in Amsterdam! And what a perfect weather 
I really meant to insert a witty comment regarding something unimportant someone with delusions of grandeur said. But what's the point? 
I really miss having a record player&amp;records.Wonder how many ppl will wonder what that is? 
I Really miss you NORIIII (MA BFF) i have lots of 'em so don't be confused 
I really missed twitter. I was so busy. But now I'm back! yay! 
I really must crack on, will be back!!  X
i really need 2 start revising! :-S   ....think ill go in2 town instead! 
i reckon its again my turn to win some or learn some... work all day then straight to my 1st day of class then out &amp; about with kimi 
I recommend following @hellobigfoot 
I recommend this Roman every Friday.  @Chanosky is my favorite  across-the-pond dweller.  He's a class act.  Aren't you, Alex? 
i recon sats and mcfly should tour the world together... starting in australia 
I refuse to bow down to people that call me a slut.. so they can take there 25 dollars and the stupid card and shove it 
i refuse to have a headache today  
I refused the offer of going to China Town in the City cos I rather listen to Emma lol 
I relate to you naturally, everybody else just fades away. Best conversation I had all week 
I remember as a kid going to Pocono with my dad and being bored to tears. And now look at me  #NASCAR http://bit.ly/nC7RYw
I remember b4 when @TomFelton was still young and Cute! and he looked good. Now, he definitely looks weak-in-the-knees handsome!!  I â™¥ him
i dont like getting so excited about jobs bc i dont want it to end up sucking. haha play time. 
i don't like my hair just now, hopefully it'll get better for tuesday, i'm soo excited. i'm having a fat day today, making some popcorn 
I don't like responding to my girlfriend when she calls... you know what this means? I HAVE SUPER RAINBOW GAY SUPER POWAHS!!!  FAB-U-LOUS!
I remember in Cameroon, the whole school had to learn this song and we sang it for everybody at a school event.  http://tinyurl.com/6 ...
I remember our play. Funny memories. Waiting for repetition  and for Mr. &quot;I need you to know that&quot; &lt;3
I Remember When Sam Said I Was The Only Reason We Were All Best Friends  I Was The Glue
I remember when we kissed I still feel it on mi lips 
i remember when yahoo is the only site i know... oh and hotmail. 
I remembrd my gym bag. Thank g0d. I dnt hav 2 wear sum1elses drty cl0thes and s0cks 2day. 
I rented Sleeping Beauty at the local Family Video. I'm excited 
I respect all religions, even though most do not respect mine.  
I right here...don't worry 
I ROCK HARDER THAN TURBULENCES HiTTiN THAT &quot;Nuh Linga&quot; dance @ JAmaica Gates shun!! Poppinest Jamaaican Restaurant in TExas! 
I rocked my first 100% Secret Shop at work haha - boss just called to tell me 
i rode a bike this afternoon for the first time in 9 years....forgot how fun they could be    [calves&amp;thighs hurting]
I rode in a A330 from Vegas to Orlando back in December. It was a new route/plane that week. Nice Aircraft and lots of room 
i rode my bicycle  just got back from doing so, actually
i don't like the serial version of #seetaaurgeeta ! it's destroying the FILM's IMAGE!  #bollywood #fb
I don't like to boast but that lemon curd brioche bread and butter pudding was fucking delicious genius in a dish 
I don't l-l-l-l-like you, I l-l-l-l-love you... 
I dont mean explode in real flames but atitude &amp; emotions.Women are different in d true sense of d word  Oh well lets make it a good dy.
I don't mean to belittle the power of extra strength Tylenol  ...but my body is awesome at recovering from a night out! I feel grrrreat!
i really need a baby. it gets boring wen i wake up early. with a baby around il have my hands full.  wont be bored. ever and i love kids 
I REALLY need a party! feel like dancing 
I really need my personal waking up person, I can't oversleep everyday. Also, good morning everyone 
I really need some coffee now! 
I really need some software to do auto-tuning to tackle this video 
i really need to earn money... so that i can watch the PCD concert 
I rode my bike today 
i said excuse my little mama if i may...take this thought and send it your way 
I said its ok roach you'll get some someday 
I sang every song that The Killers Played  Except for two that I was a little sketchy on
i saw @AmyyVee cupcake on facebook and it made me super hungry. 
I saw @paigejavier at Mary Grace! 
i saw '17 again' yesterday. this movie is cool^-^ Other day, i will go to the cinema to see 'Night at the museum 2' 
I saw a beautiful act of self-less-ness from a teen boy towards a seven year old.  It brought tears to my eyes. His mama should be proud. 
I don't mind @shananegans 
I don't mind not wearing the pants sometimes .. Sometimes I want to wear a really pretty dress 
I dont NEED a man for ANYTHING in my life. But i sure do hate sleeping alone. But yes, im sleepin alone by choice   Its not as comfy tho.
i don't need friends, i can have a sweet ass time all by myself 
i dont no  hehe
i don't no! u could just not bother! me = helpful 
I don't now why but i'm not really fond of that #Chesterday idea. I don't even know what to tell him 
I really need to get the church bulletins designed and printed for the morning service.... been too busy making a stuffed monkey! 
I really need to get to sleep earlier... lol 
I really need to turn my swag off it's 3:30 time for bed! 
I don't remember the time when the weekend+Easter holidays were so wonderful as these 
I don't see what anyone else can see in anyone else but you 
i dont send out many mass messages. yet, it's comical/annoying when they dont reply to mine, then send me one of theirs. haha. DELETE! 
I dont speak and understand romanian, but puya - undevan balcanii is great 
I don't subscribe to that sorry @PRMurphy147 if Matthew Shepard had been carrying my Sig Sauer P220 we wouldn't be having this discussion 
I don't suffer from mental disorders, I take delight in them!!! 
I don't think Butter Mentols really work. But they still taste good 
i don't think i actuallly like twitter...and i think it's overhyped but s'all good 
i really really dont feel like working today.. i perfer swimming today instead.. 
i really REALLY like the shorten tweet feature on tweetdeck 
I really really like the song Love Story by Taylor Swift 
I really really love @tracecyrus 
I really really really like himmmmmmmmmm 
I really really want to go to @Wimbledon again this year... *fingers crossed* I win the comp! 
I really should finish packing and cleaning my room.... But instead on putting hello kitty stickers on my wall! 
I really should rant about my bad day but I wont.  I am grateful for my mother, Gma &amp; other powerful &amp; influential ladies my life!!! ILY
I really shouldn't miss you, but I can't let you go. pissed off a lil bit :-p no not really... had schlotskys for dinner MMM 
I really shouldn't store all my eggs in one basket but it's too enriching and nothing beats free  #google
I really wanna be at Hogwarts right now. 
I really wanna go home, please, ''There's no place like home, there's no place like home!'' 
I dont think i have that much work left to do 
I don't think I need any pinches to grow on, thank you very much! 
I don't think I've ever been up this early on a Sunday in a while. Meanwhile, the #bigweekend awaits! 
I don't think I've heard thunder since I moved to England. Beautiful. Nanny used to say it was the angels bowling. I still think so. 
i really wanna go to Keith Urban concert 
i really wanna go watch UP 
i really want @ddlovato 's people to email me back. cause being in her music video would make my life 
i really want a believers never die part deux tour yearbook. can someone make that happen? i'd be really really greatful! 
i really want an oreo cheesecake that i had the other day 
i don't think KOBE would of done that.. 
I don't think Margaret liked this chocolate  And gosh Phillip has another 'dance in your pants' idea
i don't think people realize that i'm actually kinda tall.  sorry shorties.  
I dont think so, meaghan 
I don't think today could have gone any better, even though something in my car broke haha. Goodnight 
i don't understand how we can have so much school left and everyone else is on their exams? luckily I take mine a week early 
I saw another golden hour 
I saw Cliff and thought, &quot;not another Gears of war!?&quot; but its an XBLA  #xboxe3
i saw drag me from hell today..MEH..it was okay...now getting ready...then downtown 
i saw greg and andreu at the park today 
I saw kelley on here lawn with a basketball  Lolololol
I saw Land Of The Lost last night. It was sooooo funny!! You should all see it. 
I saw Mr. Fox the fox again 
I saw my cousin via webcam. He's so adorable. 
I saw Star Trek today... Liked it! Supposed to be sleeping but can't manage to get to sleep Well wish me luck 
I saw the cute lil bunny again! 
I saw the Hangover tonight... interesting experience haha.  My life is fine, i'll never worry about hanging out in vegas. 
I saw the House 5th season last episode. omg who wrote this must be genious! im really looking forward to the next episode 
I saw the President today. Wow! 
I saw the sun blazing through my window and just had to get out of bed... lush 
I really want IHOPS pancakes right now yummy 
i really want oreos and a cherry slurpee. someone bring them to me? 
i really want sharks to win 
i really want the sims 3. *hint* *hint* @polarkat 
I don't understand why people give their comments by replying me at twitter instead of on the blog post ??  
I don't use money to buy happiness... I use it to buy off unhappiness! 
I don't wanna be just came on when I got in the car!  that's gotta be a good sign! 
I saw Thirst which is korean movie made by chan-wook Park . this movie isn't hard but good 
I saw this ad and it made me laugh  re: http://ff.im/3Z26D
I saw this rlyrly cute black pouch with gold chain handle at a nearby ukay.Imma buy that tomoro.Fosho.  Cant wait.
I saw twilight a while ago I liked the movie, it was very good, so now I'm reading the book  Hope it's a good one, everybody says it is!
I saw what's written in your skype profile and I guess you've watched the live web cast. It was awesome and I agree, Kevin is soo cute. 
I saw wut bruno did to eminem n i feel so bad but it wuz hilarious 
I saw you Ashley at the dome yesterday 
I say @jggold should stop being so prude and get over it 
i say baby u need 2 stop takin me 2 expensive ish like dis, food is food I'll eat it lol &amp; he goes &quot;u only deserve d best food&quot; awwwwwh 
I say go al roker for putting it to the fucking annoying mush of worthlessness they are.. 
I Say Green, Thats A Really Nice Colour Two Say Your Ready For The Show 
I say i hate him, but the the end of the day its all LOVE fOr him..i lOve isaiah mutha fukn beard...punk ass 
I say leave the bitch n move on with her hotter friends!! 
I SAY NEVERRRR!! wow, i'm feelin like a goofball, I'm just gonna sit it on down, and brush the dirt off my shoulder. And just chill. 
I scored a goal tonight  Assisted by my brother.
I scream you scream we all scream ice cream  yumm
I really want to go on a hike. Too bad i have filming and a BBQ to go to today. Let's go this week? 
i really want to punch my principal in the face. i think it would be a great acheivement. talk about boom boom POW! 
i really want to see Drag Me To Hell.  anyone fancy coming tomorrow and i'll pay? 
i screwed up  
i searched @dr earlier instead of finding /picking your picture off the list, could see them all.. was so confused.. funny!!! 
I secretly want to be a pokï¿½mon 
I see a full moon n lots of star ! A full moon .. When is my jacob black going 2 appear  hahaha ..
i see A7X watchin motley crue  all but Zacky. 
I see all my friends in uk are enjoying the weather today  enjoy it and have a great day x x x x
I see oracular spectacular on vinyl, i waaant it. Urban. Made it 
i see some1 i like so it feels like i actually have butterflies in mii stomach heehee 
I See Stars (band) is really nice. People should go check it out 
I see storm in GMail for the first time 
i see that our opponents @adambasketball have a twitter account too. They will be beaten in their own town today 
I see the color guard!!!  Should be soon. 
I see the Europeans are up already, which means I should probably go to sleep! Tomorrow, no, today's another day.  Night night everyone
i really want to try poaching my egg for breakfast it looks cool  http://twitter.com/Anchhh/statuses/1880575391
I really want to watch Donnie Darko now! Anyone wanna lend the dvd to me? pleaseeeee? 
I really wanted to see the Lakers play the Cavs, but Im just glad the Lakers are going to win the Cahmpionships against the Magic 
I really wish Gravy Train!!!! had a Twitter or at least if one the members did/that their new cd comes out before the end of the year 
i see the first set of updates have come through for fedora 11 - 145MB of them. lucky i have presto 
I see the light at the end of the tunnel!  It's so bright   Woo fricken hoo!
I see the moon, the moon sees me. God bless the moon. And God bless me!(&amp; all the ones I love) 
i see the road now, i know just what i need, to find my way back to tennessee. 
I see the Santos 100 Limited Edition that I almost bought - still looks awesome 
i see the sun peeking already, hoping this week is a lot brighter 
I see this lady winning the publisher clearing house sweepstakes. I WANNA WIN SOMETHING. Just to see how it feels. 
I see tonight is the night of drama.  please keep coming with it haters im loving it.
i see you baby shaking that bootie 
i seem to be having a small financial crisis. If u not doing anything at the weekend do u wanna come do a bank over with me 
I seem to be using every single minute of today.  Some days you get so much done and others...well, you don't. 
I seen Obsessed with Beyonce and  It was amazing I could hardly hear anything with the people screaming but what I did hear was Great. 
i seen porn today , and got pay    http://micurl.com/nlsyvp
I seen the interview and it was great. 
I seirously LOVE my new hair 
I SENT EVERYBODY AN EMAIL OF THA NEW PHIL 4 REAL FREESTYLE &quot;THA CAREER ENDER&quot;. NOT ONLY IS HE A PRODUCER, BUT A LYRICAL THREAT AS WELL 
I don't wanna ever love another 
I don't wanna go back to school.I just wanna stay home all day and everyday watching  movies that make me cry.that would make my life 
I really wish my life was a little more exciting 
i really wish starbucks java chip ice cream found its way into my live sooner 
I seriously cannot ask for more. 
I seriously can't wait for the New Moon sneak peek. 
I seriously don't know how it happens...but I'm literally goin to make hats for every job I hold. I think my fav. is the counselor. 
i seriously have an amazing boyfriend. period. 
i seriously have the best fans in the WORLD.thanks so much. 
I SERIOUSLY JUST DIED. &quot;BEFORE THE STORM&quot; OH.MY.GOSH. MILEY IS THE GUEST   i knew it. AAAAHHHH  i cant get over it
I received a possible offer teaching English in Korea  Let's hope it pans out!
i received a txt msg in a foreign language from an international # &amp; thought it was from indonesia, when it was actually from serbia! 
I received my 2 bbycks neckwears today  Eyewears should be in the mailbox tomorrow. I need money to order the new tshirts too!!
I reckon Twitter is extremely lame and pointless and im confused at how someone could be addicted to this crap .. anyway im eating toast 
I recognize myself in the mirror today and successfully weaning self off percacet 
I recommend @keeda @shivaranjan @realin @mekkanikal @adii @suddentwilight @abhi2point0 for having awesome conversations on twitter 
I recommend @nocturnalpoetaster to @sinabsolution &amp; @sillygirlwaves  rb: &quot;This is the original version of my ... â™« http://blip.fm/~8b3kb
I recommend everyone to listen to &quot;Incredibad&quot; by The Lonely Island if you want to laugh your ass off! 
I recommend lasagna from mint Cafe!! #ptu2 had it last time and it was good .... 
I seriously thought zac efron couldn't get any hotter... He continues to prove me wrong haha 
I set aside a few hours this morning to finish the Exchange Challenge. Instead, I spent it in the kitty emergency room. She's fine btw 
I shall attempt this 'sleep' thing at a decent hour tonight. Decent as in shortly after midnight, instead of 4am (that's just indecent!)  
I shall be seeing her head at 10am again tomorrow... voluntarily. At her place. Alone. Until 6pm. Wait, what is wrong with me? Love youuu 
I shall begin studying around 3 PM! 
i shall eat my words. pancake pantry really is THAT good 
I shall have my phone in 2 days  !!!!!!
i shall just let go of it.. do it once and for all! think positive.. at least i still get to go.. and i can rest sun and mon.. 
i shall leave the interwebs for tonight; good night everyone 
I shall study History later. 
I shall they said thats funny.  youre the red bull guys.
I recover from yesterday.  I'll start with a great breakfast!
i recovered allmost alllll of the pictures from last saturday    yeeey
I reeeeeeeeeeeeeeally liked Star Trek.  I reeeeeeeeeeeally like CPK leftovers 
i refuse to label myself..and i refuse to be categorized...from this day on 
I refuse to work anywhere where i have to wear a uniform. unless the uniform is hollister clothes, then im all in 
I remember Im in San Antonio when Selena is a big part of the club music 
I remember the first time we talked about eachother and I remember the first time I Loved You. Im glad we still do  Thank You.
I remember thinking this was *totally wicked cool* when it came out  ? http://blip.fm/~6sw0k
I remember when all they had was the Demo EP. I'm so proud of them 
i should be a fucking bartender. red bull + grapefruit juice + malt whiskey = my new poison of choice. 
I should be asleep right now  have to make up at 7am
I should be DJing my prom! I'd do it for free...there prob gonna have a dj who's stuck in the 80's  boooooo
I should be doing something productive with my life, but I will just Twitter about how I am Twittering instead 
I should be doing uni work but I'm going to watch Whose Line is it Anyway? instead 
I should be getting dressed not sat on tweetdeck :O oh dear oh dear 
i should be more nonshy  hmmmm mabe i will be more talkitive and talk more and make more friends today yay 4 me
I should be playing prototype instead or Ghostbuster 
I should be revising. But Desperate Housewives is on  xxx
I should be sleeping. Instead, I'm eating chocolate, trying to pack, and waiting for SNL to come on. Florida for a few days tomorrow 
I should be sleeping...jesus christ! but i guess i'll have some cap n' crunch for now,YUM! 
I should be smiling now. I won! 
I should be twittering more often! From now on you will see many more tweets from me! 
I should be working on my Monday's presentation... Well, I'm not. Waiting for the inspiration and energy. 
I should design a Twitter Cake. Bet it would taste Tweetalicious 
i should go on a tour of America in 2011 with my mummmyyyy 
I should have an easy start today; I don`t need to rise, just SHINE.  Optimistic?
I Don't Wanna Leave Manhattan. I'm A New York Chick.  Me &amp; B Aren't Scared To Admit It!!
I should have said I'll probably go even more blind.....  Still seeing blue and green stuff when I close my eyes... Back to work now.
i should make my 30,000th update to Joe...  lol just cuz.
I should make one  #trendingtopics Start a trending topic about trending topics!
I should not laugh but it's kind of funny. my sock connection picked up 13 bags of socks, he just DM me that he now has to wash them 
I should not use alkohol at all and like...NEVER  When I drink, I talk too much. Even things that I actually dont think. I dramatyze stuff
I should probably do something, possibly, dunno, that sounds hard, maybe 'll just drink protein stuff and nuun 
i should probably go to bed now seeing as i have psych tomorrow 9-1.. eff college, i'm joining a band! [i wish!] 
I don't want no scrub 
I don't want nobody nobody but TIU! 
i don't want school to end. makes me wanna cry &gt;.&lt; hmm movies this fri/ sat ? yayaaa . Ask me 
I don't want this wisdom tooth. Keynestock  Shower time.
I don't want to be a heqrtbreaker, I want to be a heart maker. I want to make your heart happy 
I should probably start moving my lazy ass xD Bye bye 
I should probably stop before people stop following me lol 
I should probably stop telling people I'm jesus. 
i should really do some revision, have an exam on monday .... hmmm, well i dont care ill have a look at my fossil book 
I should really make becoming more patient a priority, but I don't have time for that nonsense.  
I should really update this. Here we go. Summer is the worst time of the year. Might have found a flat for next year though!  Yasssssss!!!
I should still be up!! It's Summer!!! Well, Bye!!!!!!! 
I don't want to get up!!! 
I don't want to go school, why did I take those summer courses?  Oh yeah, for the money.
i should this more often. 
i should use this more. |: myspace? go for it! 
I should will all my online assets to a spammer so I can sell everyone Viagra from the grave 
i shouldnt be awake but OMFG ITS TODAY I CANT SIT STILL i cant wait to just hug him 
I shower and I'm going to the movies with my friend @azuljonas 
I showered with my spouse 
I signed up for StomperNet's new free &quot;7 Deadly SEO Mistakes&quot; course http://bit.ly/flzRZ &gt; And It kicks Butt 
i signed up for the newsletter at www.darkregions.com so i can get discounts on my fav books 
I signed you up for Twitter so you'll have it when you are older....and thought it might be a fun 'journal' in the mean time. 
I simply LOVE Simon&amp;Paula (yes, I LOVE u both),I just wanna say...u guys go for it..kiss,hold,say it,confess,whatever!DO somethin.Love u 
I sit and wait Does an angel contemplate my fate No idea.. I just sit and twit  â™« http://blip.fm/~7e07l
i sit in bed eating easy mac and reading books and listening to my calming music. typical night. 
I don't want to go to school.boring teachers again and boring classes.haha 
i dont want to go to work but at least i get starbucks on the way  see you guys tonight for free cams at 8 est!
I sitting here with dumb and dumber aka &quot;Southanbred and D-Roc&quot;... and they are lame  
I skip school way too often  I'm rather proud actually.
i sleep in the attic, and there are birds nesting in the roof. needless to say, it's quite noisy  i think they're enjoying the sunshine.
i sleep with my feet hanging off the bed no clue why im not longer than my bed but i do ... any hoodle night twitter world 
I slept althroughout my facial. Wonderful 
I slept at 2am yesterday 
I slept early last night and woke up early. This is good! 
I slept early, hence I am awake early.  Warm blankets &amp; more sleep please!  
I slept for about a total of 12 hours, including my nap yesterday. Wow. That's a first since last week. Hahaha. I really need that. 
i slept for twelve solid hours. that should keep me going for a while. mariah's here for her birthday.  that should be fun.
I slept in until 1!!!!!!!!! This makes me happy  Homework today...happiness gone.
i slept so good. i think i may get to see tasha today 
I sliced my finger open today... it is stinging like a mofo. Tut. In a rather happy mood today though... 
I don't want to jinx anything, but we may have found our house.  Still some hurdles to take though, so I don't want to get too excited.
I don't want to take decisions with Hunch, but I will ask Hunch about this  http://www.hunch.com/
I dont want to work tonight. Anyone look enough like me and fancy working till 2am?  xx
I DONT WAT IT ANYMORE 
I don't watch any American sport but I'm always proud when Boston wins!! And I've only been here 6 months lol 
I smell summer in the air!!!  
I smile a lot. Huh?  I like smileys though...
i so agree with @MichalkaAlyson! shopping actually makes things better. 
I so agree with Sex is like money; only no to much is enough..but there are certain times..it's not 
I so agree with you Heather Nikki  
I so have over 30 followers....this kicks ass! I'm popular 
I so hope my Chauffeur will be ready when I hit up NY! Remember your taking me to every quintessential spot imaginable!  ï¿½XDï¿½
I so lookin 4ward 2 the 24th! Thanks um! Wohoo! .... Go wash ur cock 
I so love getting the final Jeopardy question correct when none of the contestants do.  
I so love my kada! i got to see them yesterday! carla's party was great! 
i so love that it's kinda catching on.  KEEP #whereisjoeymcintyre ALIVE!
I so love the sound of the orchestra warming up - will really notice that horn arpeggio in the Chopin.  Ready! 
I SO love using http://picnik.com for photo editing 
I doubt I will be able to update my videos today. Screw it. I'm taking the day off. 
i doubt my tweeting has anything to do with the crowd tonight but thanks to everyone for eating at selma's tonight. made so many salads 
I doubt that perfectionism and excellence is a bad thing...  eu-stress not dis-stress.
I doubt this summer will top last summer...but I'm gonna try 
I down-graded to XP and will probably live happily ever after...  #vista #fail
I drank wine for 5 hours then napped for 2 then went to the pub and drank Guinness for 3 more hours. I'm drunk and happy. Goodnight. 
I dream on becoming a flight attendant. 
I dreamed a dream I had 40,000 followers-they all gave me a tenner, which meant I could build the doggy rehab centre 
I so need to go to the store and pick up essentials....I so don't want to LOL. I need a shopper! taking applications..can pay with favors 
i SO want Pones to be real! Or Junes. Mostly Pones  lol randomnesss
I so want to tweet them but then they harras me wont they lol  XX
I sold my car 
I sold my soul to the devil the first time i wore those Jimmy Choo Shoes 
I soo wana cry for Josie...or throw eggs at evil people 
I dreamt that Colorado was turned into one big lake 
I dreamt there was hail...then i wake up and it turns out my nephew was hitting me with his building blocks! 
I dropped off 2 bags full of clothes 2 the goodwill did my good deed 4 the day some girl is gonna b very happy awwww 
I drove an Alfa Romeo today, what did you do? 
I drove my car to the bp service station for a while and had a kit katamd a red tea, then i came home. Its alright now 
I dun lost my mind, 
I dunn care about other D-Day's 
I dunn care about other D-Day's  idiots http://is.gd/PT2J
I SOOOO want to read @markcrilley 's Miki Falls Summer... lol, he just made me think about that again.. lol! Back to writing. 
I sort of have to go, but my cat is so adorable laying on my lap and purring like an old machine 
i spend all night  out just longing to get back home!  Another Glorious day here we come! 
I spent a day at the fucking beach at the weekend, god its been so long. It was genius 
I spent all day yesterday with my Mom &amp; sisters &amp; brother...an early Mother's Day celebration! Enjoyed every minute! 
I dunno what I'm gunna do today, I wanna tan. 
I dunno what it is, but I wish I could wake up feeling like this every morning. It's gonna be a good day. 
i dunno whats is twitter LOL i just came here 4 OPRAH!!  Saw her twittering on her show lolol heeey oprah we love u here
I dunno. oh btw u can see my tweets now 
I dyed my hair last night, and i didnt wash it after like i usually do, so its much darker 
I earned $100 just from signing up and $50 since daily. You can too.  www.worldwidewebwealth.com
I eat 5 times day, go to bathroom once, and my weight isn't increasing.. so I am wondering where are all foods going? 
I eat rice, you eat rice, we all eat rice to roll dice 
I eat sushi way too much. Sun and moon in manhattan beach, soo goooood 
I edited the TLS Wikipedia page!  http://bit.ly/130m2U
I effin' love Kina Grannis! Her and her songs!  ?
I effing love Sushies 
i either have killed hayfever or a cold, I can't decide which yet. Off to Greggs in a bit and then some last minute gf bday shopping 
I emailed them back saying I wasn't interested in their project, she got mad because I didn't say 'Thank You'.  Seriously F to the U. 
I enjoy being a dick to those who have one shoved down their throats 
I enjoy being part asian, the food is amazing 
I enjoy helping my mama make dinner.  It's fun.  
I enjoy new perspectives of my life 
i enjoy NIN rage against the machine is a good band but i like nine inch nails better 
I enjoy so much feeding the Red Box DVD's, makes me smile on the inside and outside!! I also &lt;3 Giant Eagle sushi! 
I enjoy some free days.! 
I enjoy the downtown transit tunnel so much. 
I enjoy waking up my best friend from san diego up at 3am  he's always somehow awake to talk to 
I enjoyed both games last night  I am cheezen right now Lakers in the finals ---- bout time LOL
I enjoyed myself with Twitter tonite~ later. 
I enjoyed spending my weekend with you!    ~K~
I enjoyed the day with my family!  Praise God for family! 
I even walked a few blocks in the rain this afternoon in the rain. It wasn't so bad. 
i failed my math exam  now i'm going shopping ~
i fainted in the hospital !! i did not scared just think it was so funny, cuz many ppl surrounding me, busy&amp; nervous, me? so peaceful!!!! 
@JakenBear That is absolutely gorgeous! One of the prettiest rainbows I've seen. 
@jakeofficial You gotta come to St. Louis so I can win one of these games of yours! 
@JakeOSmith Nice try though Jake. 
@jakeperks -  Haha, but we all chipped in! There was only four of us in the class 
@jakeperks - Woo! Great subject for this month. Now I can use my sparklers 
@JakeRocket THE NEW YORK KNICKS in 2010 
@jakeron no thats no probs lol just trying anything and everything atm 
@JakeS Don't forget to push your API key with the source parameter to uploadapiwithkey.php so it displays on http://pic.gd/2e53b5 
@JakesAlterEgo no worries. just a flaw in the program and i'm glad she helped me find it 
@jakeshench should check out loop lounge, got pool tables n had friction play there sat 
@jakesherlock ~ I actually do that for a liveing. DM for more information. 
@Jakesmom02 awe, well that was sweet of her  kids are just the best! They suck the life out of ya &amp; then bring ya back w/ a hug or kiss 
@Jakesmom02 no , my grandmas 70th .. I laughed 
@Jakesmom02 we love you too 
@jakesplace0 Any firmware incoming? it feels like its getting close to about that time again..  
@jakesplace0 Metal Gear Rising is confermed for both console 
@JakeSummerlin it should be awesome like   can't wait xxx
@jaketapper Political games are at play?  Say it ain't so... 
@jaketapper that &quot;followers' tweet really from u, not hacked/spam? 
@jaketapper Well, Jake - O's popularity is the end of any relations with Chavez - Same with Sarkozy of France   Their egos can't take it 
@JakeToews hey buddddy!!! I for sure got your number. I will tell everyone you said what's up. 
@jakewalden - yes, that would be really great, you and #Matt Alber performing together 
@jakewarren Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeterfollow.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@jakewatkin she is 
@jakewil hahah im horrified someone of your vocal stylings watched! Wait- maybe i will make it a summer jam and funk it up! 
@jakeyboo - yummy! Happy B-day, guy!!! xoxox  trust it's nice and warm eve at your end 
@Jakeycake_ Cheeeky you!! 
@Jakeycake_ Go swim in the sea!! Lol 
@jakeypop NIGHT! I LOVE YOU&lt;3333333333333333333333333333333 xoxoxoxoxoxo  (times 8716347819248673581906) 
@JakiCullen Oh, just the two of us...aye? *eyebrow waggle* hehehhee kidding 
@jakieee08 Yeah, it's the episode after Macy thinks she can sing. 
@jakilonline i had such a great night tonight guys! and im sure the streets around the grv enjoyed my singing  see you one the 26th xx
@JakiPortolese I might try and do something party like at my place this next weekend, hopefully that will bad mood to good 
@jakkaj check out my mates SL 2.0 site  http://www.simonfarrell.com/
@jakkblood i have country. Im happy 
@jakks well I got your back in Boston  #noonefuckswithjakks #oldportfest
@jakob_ing Haha nice. defs a snuggly friday night... so cold.  make sure you relax
@jakobd muhaha. du hast echt pech. 
@jakolien hee hee - btw thanks for your LinkedIn tips - i've still to use them, but thanks in advance 
@jakrose the Venn Genius is hilarious!  Thanks for sharing. 
@jakuba16 and way down the line  ok im gona put songs on my ipod now cus i wont get a chance over the next2weeks so any suggestions?
@jakuba16 hehe my pc is as slow as a obese snail cus of my music too!...parents kill me about it xD ok ill check out some GC 
@Jalanii pssssss....ur cute shhhhhh...its a secret noone knows you are 
@jalanimorgan Hemingway lived in Toronto in the 20's and wrote for the Toronto Star. Fancy. 
@jalapenosite that sounds tooo maaachhh!! all the sacrifices lol... just relax and observe, that is the best way to learn 
@JalbumFrog Thank you for taking time to reply. 
@jaleesie @viralbee - trendesetters...that's who we are 
@JalenJade Aww... you can teach me how to sew and how to bowl! 
@jalenrose Cavs has the easier route than Denver. 
@jalenrose Love all the positive things you're doing. I met you a while back @ an airport &amp; you were the coolest! keep up the good work 
@jalenrose name your top 2 teams NOT to get the &quot;Chip&quot;  I got '95 Magic and '62 Lakers... Let me guess you got '00 Pacers as one 
@jamaica  LMAO....only in jam-down 
@Jamaicanbwoydre LOL will do! 
@Jamaipanese but, you may want to be jumping in my suitcase in, oh, around August. Announcement to come soon 
@Jamaipanese good for him to have such a great coming forward! 
@Jamaipanese haha Good for her! 
@jamaipanese i hope you are able to successfully wake up for you photo shoot tomorrow morning 
@jamaise Thanks for the FF.  Glad to see you back in action! 
@Jamal_Muhammad lol!! Thanks for reminder 
@jamalhbryant Can't wait for the &quot;Restoring the Essence of Our Women&quot; conference this Saturday in Atlanta! Woo hoo! 
@jamarple We were just there!! Thanks for coming 5 days late. Jerk. 
@Jamasenu Naw, just every few days when I need to crank out masterpieces. 
@Jamberta Aw, thanks! 
@jambled it does! I cook eggs on my maggi noodles in the microwave all the time. Staple of my diet 
@Jamboboy You tart!!! I know the feeling all the lovely boys following me too 
@jambonboy good stuff, thanks 
@jamdizzle is your number on your facebook page? i'll have to save it and give you a buzz 
@jameelwinter Indeed! Those open-source devils! Studying is good, but sporadic. HATE pharm. Prefer hedonism.  How's by you?
@JamekaShamae always busy Boss lady  But as you say god is good   Hae a wondy day My Meka
@JamekaShamae Indeed. I'm focused, trying to make major moves. 
@Jamerichin Come make me all better 
@Jamerichin Haha  what you doingg
@Jamerichin I know what ya mean hun I'm just saying I wanna be in the fam too! Haha 
@jamerichin lmao Good nite sweetheart&lt;3 
@Jamerichin LMAO whateverr you wont do nothing  haha
@Jamerichin Lol I don't have a problem with that lol  are you going to make dinner too?
@jamerz3294 You are welcome! Always great to meet up 'out in the wild' 
@james__buckley any more series 3 Inbetweeners chat? u must keep us updated on this!  and also when is this new show starting?
@james__buckley Are you going as the clown? The magician?...Or the dirty old man? 
@james__buckley http://twitpic.com/7h4i9 - LMAO!! You're cool dude!! Loving the growth!  xxxxx
@james__buckley it's pretty much my dream to get a reply from you, one day haha  x
@james__buckley Oi Buckley, leave Macintyre alone! he's lush..  Although if you kill him we could do a two for one duck/macintyre funeral.
@james__taylor no i didnt win, cuz i did go to bed when he had 49,750 followers or something.. but i was so sleepy so i had to go to bed 
@james_a_hart Ok yeah I can see that. with Shift+Middleclick to duplicate.. However it'll do for now 
@james_a_hart oops, sorry @dsussman, you're great, it's @davesussman that's a waster 
@james_a_michael  Wow!  Just reading your tweets.  You can only have water during your fast?  You're going to be peeing ALL the time!  
@james_a_michael ? are u running the Rocco myspace page? or is it a fan of yours?  I mean Rocco's...  just curious
@james_a_michael 4 years sober today. With God's help and the 12 Steps I am able to have an amazing life  Thanks for the music JM. xoxo
@James_a_michael check out that video i sent u and tell me what you think lol  love yaaaa
@james_a_michael Didn't intend to. I was gonna share  At least I can maybe turn off my computer today then - ADDICTED TO TWITTER
@james_a_michael glad you had fun seeing your family  talk to ya soon 
@james_a_michael Good Mornin' James. Have a good one today and it's my night time so good night 
@james_a_michael Hey! thanks for another great day! I'm going to sleep now! I'll chat with you tomorrow!  Sweet dreams!
@james_a_michael I can't wait. Am I the only one who envy's you right now? Have fun and enjoy the little things that make family unique 
@james_a_michael i plan on it! Goodnight 
@james_a_michael LMAO (@) the nut shot! I like to use a swift upper kick with a brand new pair of nikes on 
@james_a_michael Night hon! Catchya tomorrow! 
@james_a_michael this is exciting, I hope you get it set up soon! you could even do bubble tweets 
@james_a_michael Wow, Rushville, IN that's cool. That's just next door to me in Indianapolis and it's about the size of 5 blocks in Indy. 
@James_Blunt You're not sleeping at 5:29 AM? Wow. &quot;Saw the world turning in my sheets &amp; once again I cannot sleep&quot; ? 
@james_davis oh, I've passed my test - did that at the end of last year  and no, it wasn't easy! yeah, I play viola! not well... yet. you?
@james_gunn Bloody ectomorphs. We endomorphs hate you guys, you know. 
@james_gunn you'll have fun.  it's a funny and scary and gross. If you like Slither, you'll like it. :-P
@James_Hatheway Cool  Pushups are great. Diet is 80% of weight/bodyfat fixing. Highly recommend #primal eating  Regardless, great stuff!
@James_Mal Ahahahaaaa, I would feel like a stalkerish paparazzi person for random people 
@James_Phelps DidnÂ´t know that but I remember Ernie and his Rubber duckie-song. 
@James_Phelps I didn't know you play! That's soooo cool 
@James_Phelps shinedown kicks ass!!!  
@James_Waters nice to see you pay attention in the meetings 
@James_Waters pitty your view is spolied by all those tall buildings 
@James_Waters Poor baby...I dont have to work till 2 
@James727 coming? 
@jamesahorton aha sweet, who you with? She's going in again next week - I'll explain tomorrow 
@jamesahorton wow this is awesome   http://twitpic.com/7gqzr  quick time 10
@JamesAlexandrou what about all us that have been following you for ages ? 
@Jamesallenonf1 Loving your tweets, have Twitter, TV and web timing  #f1
@JamesandSons damn it! it's my mum's the day after and I'd totally forgotten !!! Thanks 
@JamesAngelFire Well I'm sure that made his day  I hope you enjoy yours, I have to get goin'
@JamesARay  I must ask, why is it that you feel we need to let go of something to get what we want?  Is this in reference to old beliefs?
@jamesarobb hey  you are an awesome singer and i love your music!
@JamesASinclair Now the cat would like that garden!  Actually, if it's all cut wood, then stag beetles would love it too....
@JamesAyup I think they would look great. 
@jamesbesmith hey i cant take all the credit tanagra cares too. 
@jamescaan Be gentle with them 
@jamescarrick_ oooo nice  i miss you too!
@jameschau  Does it work?
@jamesclay Wouldn't have happened in my day 
@JamesCox94 two 4th places yetserday was a good result for the family 
@jamescummings: the cake was good though 
@JamesDeen you are my own personal Jeepers 
@JamesDelingpole tskk you will never be invited anywhere again 
@Jamesduke31 I really love him like I love you 
@jamesdurham Sounds like it! Is she on twitter? 
@jamesedwards my daughter was born (on Star Trek release day!) with pointy ears. They're gone now; I'm kinda sad 
@jameseh, not *a* country, *the* country, as in fields and sheep and non-civilisation 
@jamesepain np  just looking for cool people to follow so... be cool!! (lol and my name has nothing to do with anything... randomness)
@JamesEYB post secret is my favorite too...i love going on there early sunday mornings! Can't wait for the new book 
@jamesfrye82 Are you afraid that the lakers can beat the Cavs? 
@JamesGoiJr @cynstarlight @_DINA @Veebeep @mdossopportune @ThiagaoOliveira @TriumphCIO @belovelloso @BestFoodBaby @Dr_Share_D Thank you 
@jamesh_1993 Hopefully not like her dad! 
@jamesh_1993 Thanks for the #followfriday. I gave you one earlier. 
@jamesh_1993 Yupp  Yeah, it's been pretty good, nothing special happened. You? 
@jamesharsch lol of course i do!  that would explain me being excited, knowing someone else does too!
@jamesheart24 college can't be THAT bad. have fun! 
@jamesheart24 It was one huge argument that i really didn't understand about operators or something but was pretty fun to watch lol 
@jamesheart24 oh yeahh.. haha. Blatently  I reccommend it &lt;3
@jamesheart24 that's a lot of people's question ;) can i have another one? 
@jamesheart24 Ummm redish?? It still looks good as it is though  but don't go blonde  x
@jamesingrey facebook and twitter- are you being serious?! I think he's dreadful- but we'll agree to disagree!  have fun!
@jamesizzle http://twitpic.com/6cosw - OH my,  whereeee did you get that swimsuit?
@JamesJanssen would have been funny if i did, but no.   it broke at the lowest point of the revolution so that was lucky!
@jamesjaykay hai thar 
@jameskay83 Well what the hell do I know?!  We can still get our away goal in two weeks time 
@jameskLMNO thnx  4 the follow 
@jameskysonlee Can't wait for Vol 5. 
@jameskysonlee The &quot;internment&quot; camp  Were you there today?
@jameskysonlee What's its name? Is it house trained already? 
@JaMeSLeE4 hope to hear it soon though ! let me know when you get started 
@JaMeSLeE4 only cause you weren't in it 
@jamesleeves james! twitter!  yeah.  I'M BORED?
@jameslocke230 If u have Sky telly, but don't have Sky Sports, u can see highlights on S4C at 9:45pm - commentary will be in Welsh tho. 
@JamesLS I understand, but it's still totally awesome 
@jamesmachan fatty  meant to not eat the day before we go to a nude spa!!
@jamesmachan good boy  well i had soup for dinner and now imma have a brownie  jealous?
@jamesmachan ha nahhhh. I DO  we'll fight till the death for him! bahahha xx
@jamesmachan http://twitpic.com/6it94 - WHOA, looks good 
@jamesmachan i also added your myspace 
@jamesmachan i know aye, its funny  btw your gunna have choc chip for your icecream kay ha
@jamesmachan oop now im jealous of haylee XD me and you should be best friends with our ice cream 
@JamesMackney u pussy. and this is in relation to 10 things i hate about u. not my sisters keeper. 
@jamesmafyew you're in the van! Good morning! 
@jamesmalach Love the Netherlands! Going back June 12  Have fun!
@jamesmalfitano buff! hotel address, plz 
@jamesmarcusbach The autopilot isn't, then.  
@jamesmedley i take it you got accepted? 
@JamesMoore89 hehe  for some reason I called my brother Des when I couldn't say james, I think you came off better!
@jamesmoran Oh dear - I must have missed that rant. Belated fluffy vibes though.... for what it's worth.  
@jamesmoran So you've been to NYC then?  There's a whole planet of smells right there .
@JamesMRose I should've have got you to grab them on Sunday @packers4 is not as geeky as he portrays on radio 
@JamesMurphy Im tryna decide if i should buy urs or Electrik Reds album 
@JamesMW78 feel better from the hang over! I felt like that last weekend! Its good to drunk tweet 
@JamesMW78 they are mean! Have fun wherever you are going 
@JamesMW78 well errrr i could just look down and pass your face 
@jamesnaylor It's good to see that responsible exercise of mandate has not died. 
@jamesodea Welcome! I was linking to you even before you joined  this from 16 days ago: I was reading @jamesodea 's article at Kosmos...
@jamesofctpmag Its allowed on a Sunday..lol however wen I woke this mor'n I had a mad urge 4a clean'n blitz. Now im juz c'n wat u'all up2 
@Jamesonwa It is seriously delicious.  I can't tell you what the marinade is about.  My wife is Korean and she takes care of that part. 
@jamespenycate i hope so 
@JamesPinnell I will add GL to ma feeds and try and include them in the recap tomorrow 
@JamesProps Nerds everywhere rejoice 
@jamesrampton http://bit.ly/1GV0aK  what do you think of my new song? Wrote it today 
@jamesramya Yes because those taxes disguise the booking fees and commissions that online travel portals charge. Try iXiGO.com next time 
@JamesRandom ye!! But I still rather imagine my dad is some american superstar than just a bum ^^ it keeps me happy  
@jamesrenaud oh, it's possible...and unintentional... but I think I can rock it 
@jamesrickards Yeah, you're not missing much! 
@jamesroy68 Cheers - White Silence and Tamar it is.  I bought Hunting Elephants this evening 
@JamesScholes I'm not arguing for DRM. If we can protect publishers without DRM then I'll be all for that! 
@JamesSchramko Is don'tleaveyet  easy to use with Wordpress? Much coding needed?
@jamesscottbell Nice mention of you in a Writer's Digest letter to the editor, current issue. 
@JamesSeago i'm way better at talking to internet people than real-life people 
@JamesSmithComic @johncmayer done and done dudes. Gotta support the home boys. And he's got one girl from Perth following him here 
@JamesSp it would seem likely  #eveonline
@JamesStevenson Me neither, i want my inFAMOUS 2 NAO! 
@JamesSuckling Hey bro  Thinking of u as we cracked '90 Trotanoy, '89 Citran, '98/99 Pegau, '98 Grange. Any Toronto plans in near future?
@jamestenniswood Yep - I did a VHD install of the full version of Enterprise Build 7087 in 20 minutes flat to Initial Configuration Tasks 
@jamesthomson Oh, well, yes. Totally fine then. Carry on. Good forum discussion too. 
@jamestodhunter   Nice to have you in &quot;my&quot; time zone! Take care of Norway. Nicest country and nicest people around. (And cute language!)
@jamestubb aww that's cool, I have an iPhone too 
@jamesurquhart Great. We will meet again 
@jamesurquhart We're all now looking at the horizon and making our own judgements. (the best analogy I can come up with after midnight 
@Jameswashere lol jk.  ily
@JamesWatkinsNZ I'm afraid not. I wish, though... 
@jameswdickson You should! 
@jameswedmore you bet!! fun to listen!! 
@jameswilliams Have a great night!!!! 
@jameswilliams8 No, I'm not allowed to communicate with other people. Sorry 
@jameswilliams90 Actually I have that kit &amp; find it very ok, at least at my level of use 
@jameswilliams90 Inadvertently?  You were bragging, mate 
@jameswilliams90 Massage Monday? Just told my wife that.  Now she expects me to give her a massage.  Thanks!  Looking to Friday tho 
@jamesyuill Cool! I loved Bon Iver and Explosions in the Sky. Aziz Ansari was hilarious, but not as funny as &quot;camping&quot; at The Gorge 
@jameszabiela hola! heard your set went down a treat 
@jameszabiela you rocked Metro's last night, come back to Perth soon! Please! 
@jameszabiela your missing some great weather here. I've been hitting the coffee shop in town almost every day 
@jamethiel_bane it is completely alright man!  hope you get better soon, ma'am jame
@jameyjasta yo jasta, ur literally my idol, even god if u dont mind me sayin. it wud AMAZIN if u replied. Ive met u b4, ur safe as FUCK 
@Jamezila Whenever I get near an even thousand, I try to find an achievement that puts me exactly there. 
@JamFactory 
@JamFactory are droplets emo? i like emo! i love my droplets! 
@JamFactory Gav its amazing. Just wait for the dance routine 
@JamFactory I LIKE GOOOOLD! 
@JamFactory I've got two blues already so I'll get involved in that mate!  I just really want the Vimto one ;) haha
@jamhead91 I know! It was easy this time to last paper 
@jamicia21 yeah it's an amazing movie 
@Jamie I'm using my Highway Code book and trying the online tests  u?
@Jamie_127  Hopefully Tracey will be baca by then   XXX
@Jamie_127 but apart from that all good then? lol  x x
@Jamie_127 hows u been neways enjoying freedom? been up to much?!  x
@Jamie_127 I'm not sure what I expect. Maybe you'd offer to use crayon on my walls again 
@Jamie_127 I'm sure you are! You're so dedicated! And she can colour on the table!  x
@Jamie_127 it's been two hours,love. Where are you? If you're with @treasaint I may scream! 
@Jamie_127 lol (i can be naughty 
@Jamie_127 LOL Just remember how it was after my car accident 
@Jamie_127 ohhh i love green eyes they are so amazing  love u even more now  xxxxxxxxxxxx
@Jamie_127 sadly for you I am here now 
@Jamie_127 yay if u like shake it u wud love control by them too a great song, and la roux is gonna be amazing  love u even more now  xx
@Jamie_Carter dude, total bummer. See you bright and early Monday morning though 
@Jamie_Carter keep him that way. Get him to follow me 
@Jamie_Eason   You really inspire me Jamie, with your physique and success in the industry ..  motivates me very much!    Thank you!
@Jamie_Eason Hiiii Jamie...are the tortillas you made from Tosca's book?? 
@jamie_iovine1 i like the fact that tokyo is only 2 hours faster than indonesia 
@jamie_lee_lou_l and what part of the world is sunny town? 
@jamie_neish that made me laugh 
@jamie_neish We're doing songs from that too but we only have 2 months to pull this off haha. Closing night is the day before my birthday 
@jamie_oliver   hey  my dad wants me to make him a meal for fathers day, what do you recommend? xx
@jamie_oliver   Pleased with the weather, first bbq of the year!  
@jamie_oliver And the other half of the twitterers are enjoying what the wonderful Sunday afternoon has to offer 
@jamie_oliver came back to uni this weekend   hope u had a good wknd!
@jamie_oliver had to work but enjoyed the sun and nice weather. Hope you &amp; your lil fam are doing well. 
@jamie_oliver Hope you got some recipes for BBQ beans and bacon, I love that scene from Blazing Saddles 
@jamie_oliver http://twitpic.com/5n28s - Gnarley teeth! Hours of entertainment!  Looking good!
@jamie_oliver http://twitpic.com/5onb3 - Damn, you couldn't wait a couple of weeks until I'm in London huh? 
@jamie_oliver I had a great weekend thanks! I had my birthday party!! Hope you had a good weekend 
@jamie_oliver i love ur cookings! we have the same taste hehe learnd so much from ur shows! 
@jamie_oliver I really miss your quirkiness in The Naked Chef that show was very entertaining! I always found something new to cook 
@jamie_oliver just made pan seared chilean sea bass w/honey a lime cliantro reduction paired with a chilled garlic and mint pea salad 
@jamie_oliver nice to see the BFG mud T/A's on the Landy Jamie, did you get off road with it much? 
@jamie_oliver No Happy Mums day for the Mums, only the guys????  
@jamie_oliver Not bad thanks Jamie, went out for a nice meal, but mostly doing prep for a job interview this week! How was yours? 
@jamie_oliver OMG!! That looks soooo good. Crackling is 1 of my big weeknesses!! Send me some pls? Or can I come 2 yrs 4 dinner lol 
@jamie_oliver omgosh i've always luvd ur cooking shows and stuff, esp the one about Roverem that was cool.... 
@jamie_oliver Please pass on our &quot;happy mothers day&quot; to Julz. Have fun with your girls 
@jamie_oliver so at 5pm London Time you will ask us a question over twitter and the first to reply could win a gift? great 
@jamie_oliver trying to memorize a few of your 'ministry of food' recipes at the book store 
@jamie_oliver whats for breaky then, russtle something up for my hangover please our jamie lmao 
@jamie_oliver whats going on with you? 
@jamie_oliver yummy  i am attempting to make the chocolate fudge cake from one of your books tonight
@Jamie_Spears eh... I try watching the show... but it's not my type 
@Jamie_Spears will you follow me please i want to direct message you and it would mean alot! 
@Jamie187 I was on my break yesterday mister, so there. I had a really good shift 
@jamie77 Well, you were kicking ass and taking names yesterday. Amy's a demanding teammate 
@jamieaiken919  &lt;333 Anything for you, my dear. #CliqueOfTwitter #foodnetworkstar
@jamieaiken919  Hmm...good question! I dunno...something Ned-related? Or perhaps Fairly OddParents-related?
@jamieallison One has to hope. 
@jamiebabiiii living it up in california then eh! 
@JamieBen Thank you 
@jamiebillingham we know, we know   adding/deleting will be coming, we know it is important. thx for the patience and support!
@jamieboepple um where are you and why arent i there? 
@Jamiebower have a safe trip, dear. 
@Jamiebower Ohhhh! Do not be so cruel with Suzan Boyle! But it is even looking for dead fish.  * Laughing * too X
@Jamiebower sounds like a good day planned. 
@Jamiebower you know there are medications for that sort of thing these days ... just saying 
@jamiecarranza seems you are very happy.  What do u get from the LPU package?
@jamiechongmn ahah no their muscles so scary and big! hahah i saw donghae and eunhyuk.     
@jamiedavinci hahaha  kakaaliw kaya ng nobody.  Para may Asian representation naman yang showdown na yan. hahaha
@jamiedelaine hey jamie! Which HD's are using? I order all of mine through newegg.com. Let me know if u need advice!  
@jamiedelaine so baby kiss me through... twitter! Hahaha  ahh!
@jamieearcam but your words just said 
@Jamieed lucky you  have a nice time 0
@jamieerinw ohhh my god, i just got your package; my mum totally forgot to tell me it came; I LOVEEEE IT!  will write you back XXXXX
@jamiefarhat Damn you know you're really into SPN for  I instantly knew what actor you were talking about before reading the John comment 
@jamiefarhat I'll take the Sammy bear 
@jamiefishback Sleep well oh thespian one....! 
@jamieFTW Haha, yeap!  They're definitely awesome! Oh, fair enough
@jamiegilderuk soo going to watchh toystory  are you going to see toystory!? how are you?  xxx
@jamieharrington Hey how you doing? thanks for the follow I shall follow you back and hope we can have some good tweets! 
@jamieharrington OK I emailed you  Don't forget your hard hat.
@jamieirvine pay for a postcard and AFP will sign it! She did it for me!!!!! 
@Jamiejennice yea haha  kay I'm going to sleep
@jamiekeaney @danmonarko drinking at the zoo is awesome - highly recommended!! 
@jamiekimPR not at the one in Chico, but I did eat at the one in SLO today  there are only 2. Yours and ours
@jamielai It was delish!  Ryan didn't mince the garlic to well..lol! But it was still yummy!!!
@jamielynnbeals we are very wacky 
@jamielynnbeals we may have an offer tomorrow. We'll see..how r ya? 
@JamieLynnDrohan Thanks for the follow!  Looking forward to working together again REAL SOON! 
@JamieLynnMB i can so understand how your busy 
@JamieLynnWright Oh yes I can! Haha. I got more pics of BUIHTD 
@jamiemcflyx goodgood  y'welcome! waaahey! i sure am  row A i hear ;) are you sat near yoshi?  xxx
@jamiemcflyx goodgood  y'welcome! waaahey! i sure am  your row A i hear ;) are you sat near yoshi?  xxx
@jamiemcflyx Hi  Just look at your myspace profile, that's how I've been trying to get mine, you know a short one?...
@jamiemcflyx i thought it would only be me to be honest, it was more packed than i thought WEEE 
@jamiemcflyx Thanks 
@jamiemcreject Don't think too much about it. We're still here for you whatever happens. I'll pray for her. 
@jamiemeiers i bought one from some woman on craigslist. I will ask Steve and see what he wants to do but id like to go 
@jamiemunson this is what happens when I get left at home by myself 
@jamiepotter A classic stone cottage in the middle of nowhere with veg gardensolar panels&amp;a media server you can access from every room 
@Jamiere09 tag your it!! I'm following u 
@jamierumbelow I was standing nex to you outside haha - I'm down here at the front. Gimme a binarycake card 
@jamierumbelow lookin forward to seeing the iPhone and aws screencasts  #binarycake
@jamievaron don't worry. You aren't alone 
@jamievaron You DO come from money. ha! I knew it 
@JamieVillafria I hope it went to your legssss 
@jamiewamey  Did you get coffee this morning? haha
@jamiewatson thanks! They taste pretty great too 
@jamiewolfcale Look forward to seeing the blog on DR actually just writing one at the moment myself 
@jamieworley Thanks, its also my blog name 
@Jamiex02 Don't let the bed bugs beat you with your own bat. 
@jamiexvx haley was saying the same thing and if i knew then i would have gotten the same way. Aww papa... 
@JamilaCherise That hook you did was raw! Ruttown's newest protege! You girl girl! OK, now I'm really going to bed. 
@jamilafdance thankyou! 
@jamild because we have standards and class 
@jamileh Um, I haven't even left the house yet. And aren't you at home? 
@JaminStinziano yeah Ellia!  Congrats mom and dad 
@jamisall  how about the herman miller aeron chair? 
@jamishull hey! I thought you were not around here anymore! 
@Jamjar84 lol aye, it's true - no-one is ready to be a parent, they just become one. 
@JamjarMc Oh Har Har Har!!!  How clever!!!!!!  
@Jammers20 Hope it will be worth it.. mind you if they keep dropping far enough it will be cool to see them play Bromley , win or lose! 
@JammieAdams yes i'm almost positive i'll make it. Just let me know where, what time. 
@jammin682 why don't you ever do illegal stuff in the middle of the night with me? 
@JamMusic13 of course that would be awsome! How about sonny/chad or Miley/Mitchel 
@Jammydodger85 It does look awesome 
@jammymusician Since your AWAKE- tell me- what was the last book you read that you could not put down?(book club related) 
@jammymusician That would be an interesting conversation... You can't sleep, try it now? 
@JammyRabbins hey i sent you some fan art  it has to do the jammy rabbins hope you like it 
@JammyRabbins hey jimmy how are u doing 
@JammyRabbins lol! You just made my night! Best change of name ever 
@JammyRabbins you are seiously the cutest. no lie. real talk. 
@jamopo Leicester???? I've heard of that place... Have they got a footie team? 
@jampuff01 yeah, lotsa fanatics out there. think ipod &amp; playstation.  btw, drop by saguijo later if you're free.
@JamrockRover Congrats Mr. Jamrock! You deserved it.  Have a great summer ya!
@JamrockRover Okay, Mr. Jamrock. 
@jams1128 http://twitpic.com/6iaif - he is beyond fine 
@Jams969 make sure you dont have any tennents tonight  what you up to?
@jamslashjam nothin much 
@JamSmooth haha. Yeah, sorry not a twitter party... but maybe one day.... That could be interesting. 
@jamsyyy hahaha thanks to YOU!  but seriusly, thank u soooo much tau! 
@jamtots Have a nice night!  #clothdiapers
@jamWeeBetaTeam wow.. you're looking very nice and gonna fight against last.fm ;) good luck! 
@jamycupcake dude...i've had half term as well..meant to have revised for a week of GCSE's...done fuck all 
@Jan_Burke Hang in there - thinking good thoughts for your dad.  Dads are a lot tougher than we think. 
@jan_lynn that's good to hear  i miss you and your Jerry stories already!
@Jan3005 thank you muchly 
@Jana_sk8 I try to  but I'm so shy! Maybe I'm with him til the summer holidays and I we can meet him..I don't think so but...^^
@jana321 Sorry jana....just saw your message...yes, way too late! I'm off to bed now.....goodnight! 
@Janaaahaa hÃ¡ you rock! 
@Janaaahaa i think David is also pretty cool lad to win that competition. but you're right @tommcfly has to win now!  X
@Janaaahaa thank you 
@JanaAlyssa I would love to do that 
@JanaBanana5  - Check Best Buy - Lots of Good buys on Laptops every week (no I dont work for Best Buy)
@JanaBanana5 yes you do (most of hte time) 
@janabarnello howdy! you might want to check out the latest @swgapolitics post for some late breaking news... 
@janabelle_xo and little Richie, he's so cute! 
@janabelle_xo I love the tango train 
@janabelle_xo yeh she better be! 
@janaebreanna kay, you win.  i'm ready to go homeeeeeeeee. Actually I'll be visiting @zacseif before I do go home MAYBE.
@JanaiChristian Thanx for the follow! 
@janakiramm I am a master at that 
@JanaKris great view uh? lucky you  i want to b there too,maybe someday.but i'm so fringgingly in love w/ the view.if only i can get there
@janamaiaa I'm eating yogurt and fresh pomegranate. Don't you just love Sundays? I'll try to drop by this week. Need to go to Rockwell. 
@JanaMarea nope, just gone on sale 
@jananis Lol.......I don't even know how you manage to tweet yourself so often, but its hilarious 
@janasalles This is my favorite Christmas song EVER.   ? http://blip.fm/~4jxqn
i spent ï¿½12 on junk food yesterday, oh dear :|. had a nice evening with rach, beks and steff  everyone... http://tumblr.com/xdr1ubh6d
I spent some monies at j crew. I heart gift cards   http://myloc.me/2K3M
i spent the day with ola. and it was definitely fun 
i spent the evening w/ grandma at dinner. fun fun 
I spent too much money! Oh well...enjoying a steak and shake milkshake now 
i spilled a bottle of vinegar in the back of erics car and i am very lucky he loves me so much 
I sprained my ankle - again. The left one. During volleyball. But I kept playing &amp; we won. We're now the best team of the school. 
I spy a very cute boy 
I spy with my little eye...boats in the water and children riding bikes 
I squeal like a little girl when wee chipmunks successfully scurry across the road 
i start a 27 shot gig tomorrow. 
I start my 3 week vacation today  life is good!
I start my math class today 
I start to like twitter  LOL hahaa
I started a twitt that got the whole world laughing...OMG im now thinking of &quot;Twitt&quot; songs 
i started carrying my camera with me again, taking pictures of things i see, occurences, etc.  should be interesting...a photojournal.  
I started lvl'ing up with around 1,300 gold  So today is grinding day. I am broke
I started my training for a 5K today, and I'm pretty sure I burnt more calories than I consumed today. But I feel great 
I started my yogurt regimen so that my digestive system will be fabulous for strange Egyptian food  lol
I started reading Harry Potter again. 
I started reading twilight yesterday, am loving it!! Off to read more now .... bye  xx
I started recording a song today. 
I started tattooing my left arm    It's lookin pretty snazzy so far
I started writing in a journal. it feels good to pour out thoughts onto paper  I used to fill up notebooks and throw them away because...
i starting to write a new book. i just finished the first one. i put it on my facebook for those of u who are my facebook friends!!! 
I state facts...can't help that 
I stay at home to my mommy. Tomorrow I'll have some theater work and after I'll go to home, to my daddy.  That's the current plan. 
I stay way from the little blue packet and yellow packet. Loving the little white packet! 
I stayed up to finish the book I was reading.  Nora Robert's &quot;Vision in White.&quot;  A feel good love story.  
I still believe that upstate NY is one of the most beautiful places in the world! 
I still can't believe I got straight As!!!! That was my goal I'm so proud if myself 
I still can't believe the Matt McCoy interview got 255 views!! Twitter truly is....AWESOME! 
i still can't believe we went to fucking SAN FRANCISCO!!! i was squealing like a baby as we were entering the golden gate bridge  &lt;3'd it!
i still can't forget the memories from a dinner in Napoli's and a night out @ Dolce with colleagues! very fun... i feel alive again. 
i still don't really see the point of 'Twitter' but i find it interesting in what all the celebs are doing... and how often they tweet 
i still got so many unsaid thiiiings that i wanna say, and i just can't wait another day, i wish she knewwwww (8) MEMORIES 
i still hate you, so you better dont forget that 
I still have a lot on my mind and decisions to make. And yayyy my Philly bestie is back for good in NYC! I soo love that girl 
I still have no internet but i can tweet from my phone 
I still have puffy eyes from all the crying the other day/night. I think I need high protien facial...  
I still have the Sevendust concert from last night hanging in my bones... good times! 
I still have to take a shower and cook dinner before going to workout 
i still hope i will get an angel in ma lyf coz hope is the only thing which we shuld never looose 
I still love him though! Pfff I wonder how people even enjoy cats. Dogs ftw 
I still love to wash in your old bath waterrr! no doubt in concert on tv. 
I still saw us together at the end of everyday 
I still think Shia Labeouf's best performance ever is in Tru Confessions. 
I still wanna live in sixties nyc, smoke cigarettes and work in the ad world. Perfect. 
I stink of BBQ smoke. Shopping in Lincoln tomorrow I reckon 
I stitched in the yarn! Project is complete and stuff! 
I stopped following 20 people. If you are one of those people, don't worry. I'll still reply to the tweets you send me 
I strongly believe that we sometimes understand reality far better if we disguise it. -- Cornelia Funke 
I stunk at COD tonight but had fun anyway. Virtually shooting and being shot are fab outlets for my frustration.  &lt;3s for Team KILL &amp; TSB
I stupidly put my teddy bear that my grandparents gave me when I was 2 into storage when the house forclosed, dad rescued the bear 2day! 
i succeeded in making a 2mm silica chromatotron plate! i WILL purify that compound   
I successfully tweeted back! 
I sucked cooking spaghetti, now boiling fish conserve 
I suddenly felt pathetic of this craziness i'm feeling. It's GOT TO STOP!!!  LMAO.
I suddenly have the urge to watch Karate Kid and catch flies with chopsticks. Must be time to eat oriental. 
I suppose the good thing about being off ill is I have had loads of new song ideas so I can write them down!! 
I sure hope my loyal followers are glad I'm tweetin  It's nice to know someone wants to hear me sing. I'll try and get to 200 by week end
I sure hope that @HAMMER32 is watching the game .. from somewhere  @androidtomato too
I surely do appreciate @wjsalls, @allthesimple, @maryleedy, and @writeadvantage for helping me spread words of enlightenment 
I survived day one!!!!! Now esconced on a local brew pub drinking great beer and eating food food. Ahhhhhh. 
I survived my first night as a puppy mommy   See pictures here: http://bit.ly/956wm
I survived rafting and got paid doing it 
I survived the zoo with a ton of 4th graders yesterday. Birth control much?  Helped a friend move today. Now time for a beer on the porch!
I survived!!!  I think... RB: @SpinningDiscs: &quot;Kings of Leon â€“ Closer ....for @nursedoublek at work, hope ... â™« http://blip.fm/~7ffss
I survived!!! Don't worry bout me 
I swam too! And hot tubbed. 
I swear if im going to another shit hotel party tonight.. im done................ for the month 
I swear if you're in any more of my dreams, I'm gonna dieee. 
I swear i'm not a whore!.... but i started to do a striptease at emily's house after prom  it was a dare!
i swear to you every time i see him &lt;----------i seizure;; keep running through my mind........jog my memory's amnesia 
I swear you can not get anything better than a 100 degree shower and then a good cuppa tea, im in a better mood now 
i swwuurrr its already summer. another late night 
I take that back, is raining again. Friend's BBQ later 
i take zinc  ZMA
I talk by phone with my best friend .ohh, she makes me laugh so much 
I talked to someone smart @ Sony... I feel like crying!!! 
I tanned today 
I taught Sammy how to swim today 
I tend to &quot;balance&quot; my meals. For instance, since I had a slice of pizza, instead of soda, I go with milk. Two wrongs don't make a right. 
i texted my brother from my dads phone saying bring me a glass of water and he did it! how funny 
I the best night of my life!!!!     I &lt;3 Chase!!!!
i think &quot;The Soup&quot; on E! is hilarious 
I think @arianna_skye should be slapped for telling me about that TextNovel contest. 
I think @buckhollywood is fabulous! And follow @peterfacinelli and help him keep his actors chair in tact! 
I think @daveyboyonline sure looked sexy in the hat that belongs to @cesyeuxblues  
I think @Dlanagar is way too energetic this morning 
i think @emmacade always looks hot no matter what color hair she is! hahah dye in blonde! 
I think @imcudi and @misskeribaby make a cute couple 
I think @sophieharris10 has an unhealthy obsession with the Peter and Katie break up 
I think @twitter underestimates the weekend night parties that happen on Twitter. Not everyone goes OUT to act the fool. 
i think 49p's wbc from 4/26 peaked today 
I think 80% of effort on writing good code is to think and come up with good and sane names. And its not so easy 
i think a 24hour gig like space  #ASOT400
I think ACE44 best had write something or I will be feeling ignored 
i think asher roth just agreed with me.  i dont make sense
I think Baloo Uriza is my Forum Hero of the day. Some very good points in the VAT thread 
I think Bentley really loves his new haircut!  
I think Brit and Beth need to get in touch so we can do something soon! LOL 
I think Conan got cuter with age  god i love that sexy man!
i think cute boys should follow me 
I think drinking skeptically should change it's title to skeptically drunken 
i think everyone has it in for me how can they resist this body then when i work out 
I think everyone in Staunton should come to Gypsy Hill Park at 8pm to see the Stonewall Brigade Band. They have a cool bassoonist 
I think everyone should have a twitter.and should have there friend updates sent to there fones 
I Think Everyone Should Search For &quot;Liam Hannah&quot; On Facebook And Add Me  It's The One With This Picture  http://twitpic.com/6fcrs
I think everyone took a long weekend...the streets are empty. Wish i could be @ home 
I think father is mad that I'm using my cellphone instead of helping him load the food in the car. 
i think got a tan! wow. thank you sun!  today was a lot better then i thought. met some cute people..... hello! 
I think green tea is going to be a daily ritual. 
I think guy who works at gamestop thinks I'm cute 
i think his voice is sexy as hell.....day dreaming 
i think hotel breakfast is one of the best thing in life! haha..love it! 
i think Hugo will be so so so happy with his new friend! iï¿½ll get the new kitty in like three weeks. CANï¿½T WAAAAIT! 
I THINK I ALREADY KNOW HOW MY DAY IS GONNA BE TOMORROW.: crappy? AGAIN. ughh i'm hating this week, last week was more than awesome. ughhh 
I think I am finally &quot;caught up&quot; on the internet/rss feeds/tweets I missed while on Vacation.  Now for my Outlook inbox 
I fall in love in Google Calendar! WOW! This is beautiful! 
I fall too easily for Republican men. It must be their talk about big business &amp; corp America and their overall intellectual superiority. 
i fancy a shake away  x
I fear I have to agree with youâ€¦ it's most likely the old one button mouse. But never say never 
I feel #LBP is calling me~ Be back later! 
i feel (so) bad :/ ... few minutes and 90210 
I feel 5 pounds lighter 
i feel a bit sleepy. probably a combination of the sunshine and the liquid lunch. my room is like a greenhouse, its quite nice 
I feel a love story tonight. The pen will free my soul.  G'nite 
I feel a twoem coming on   ... dedicated to the Emerging Writer's Festival which starts tonight.
I feel Ã¼ber girly right now. And I love it 
i feel accomplished, i deleted photos &amp; crap i didn't need. &amp; decided what i want for next year  ; now its time to text and sleeeep
I feel acomplished 
i feel an urge to play some games  think i may
I feel as long as you don't cause anyone bodily harm... and don't rob a liqour store... you're fine. Just do what makes you happy. 
I feel awsome 
I feel bad for begging for rain. And then i dont... Im at the visitor center today, stop by. 
i feel better , im so hppey right now and i ever dont have a reason O:: i like this  BUT its so bored alone at home -.- i need tipshantz&lt;3
I feel better already. God is good  on my way 2 do some grocery shopping. P.S. Mansa is getting STRONG! Those little feet R kickin'!
i feel better today so am going to tidy then get my hair done 
I feel clean   BoNaNA DaRliNG
I feel confident. I hope my investigatory project proposal gets approved! 
I feel content for the day havin' put a smile on @polka_ with my tweet. 
I feel dirty -just followed 20 new p/l. But guess what! I found a diamond in the rough, @ooochie. Sorry for being sexist. Hello @ooochie 
I feel down the stairs today in a hotel, even i thought it was funny 
I feel FANTASTIC. Suck it losers. 
I feel for you is playing at the Flying J here in Berkshire, OH 
I feel freaking fantastic. It's amazing what a decent amount of sleep can do! 
I feel funny. Hmmp, better be an amazing fucking day. why not?  I LOVE HOW I KNOW SAMMY ROVIN GOT A TEXT ABOUT THIS TWEET &lt;3333
i feel good  just emailed the travel agent...hope he keeps me in a good mood with his reply!
I feel good now, because I'm eating my grissinis 
I feel great 
I feel great just got over a bunch of delays in May and rescheduling June is looking very sexy!! 
I feel great! I slept for 9 1/2hrs 
I feel happier now 
I feel hella moded. Ah! At least they don't know me. Whaaaa 
I feel I'm going to sleep &amp; dream well tonight  Goodnight world!
I feel inspired to write  Too bad I need to sleep.
I feel like ... global warming ... is going to melt us all together 
I feel like a bear stocking up food for this battle  LOL.
I feel like a gambler. Playing cards on a too small table. All I need is stale cigarette smoke. But nothx 
I feel like a new person after spending the day at lily pad day spa 
I feel like a Perfect Stranger day today  http://bit.ly/18OPTd  Halle berry in Perfect Stranger
I feel like a Prince hour!  Prince and the New Power Generation â€“ 7 â™« http://blip.fm/~7t4tj
i feel like aladdin with this  towel on my head 
I feel like an entrepreneur... But then again, it might spoil my dinner (tsch boom)  
I feel like at heathen.....SIIIKE..lolz! I didnt go to church today...but not trippin' cus im on the personal meditation/devotional tip 
I feel like dancing in the rain 
i feel like dancing! anyone wanna join me? 
I feel like death warmed over. Hope the meds kick in soon. In other news, tonight, tonight, I see my love tonight. 
i feel like death! but the shower i just took helped 
I feel like dressing up for the heck of it.&amp; putting make up on. Haha 
i feel like eating some strawberry strings [idk the name] candy 
I feel like everyone else has done this.... but I'm going to drink to my 21st... now. 
i feel like fulfilling my punch list, where my fist meets their face...oh joy 
I feel like getting naked!!!! I'm gonna shower soon!! 
i feel like going to the beach today 
I feel like having the urge of getting drunk. And drinking a lot tonight. And go to a bar.  
i feel like hvg some cake. not a rich moist one. just a simple homely yummy butter cake 
I feel like I should be in Taylor Swift's Love Story video 
i feel like i wanna be ill when i eat but atleast i remembered how amazing terminator was thanks to last night 
i feel like i was hit by a bus 
I feel like I was partying, but I am just ending work.  a long but great day!
I feel like ice cream and milo 
I feel like I'm home! I miss Ventura! Can't wait to see old friends today 
I feel like I'm living in a a soap opera but I'm enjoying every minute of it 
I feel like it's NAMM and Musikmesse posting season again all with Oberheim. 
I feel like I've won an Academy Award!! @LoriMoreno is now following me!!! 
I feel like Old Mother Hubbard trying to feed her dog, except it's not a dog it's my 3 kids.  Going to the grocery store in a bit. 
i feel like playing the sims, so i think i will. the big bang theory can be saved for later. i love having nothing to do! 
i feel like pulling an all nighter just for the hell of it. i have half a page left 
I feel like shit today :/ I hope I'm not getting sick. I get to see my babby finallly 
i feel like sleeping first, then study  (y)
I feel like such a nerd. but i could careless 
I feel like the twitter zory posting tweets like my life is ending ... 
I feel like Twitter is made for moments of laughter 
I feel like we have been good little boys and girls when Uncle Dave (@DaveJMatthews) plays Watchtower for us. 
I feel like wearing really high heels today for no reason  lookin forward to GYAL20 next week- message us for list peeps...
I feel like..dying my hair. 
i feel loved...it feels really good 
i remember when sean kingston used to be the shit. 
I remember when that bird did a shit on your chips. 
I remember when we kissed I still feel it on my lips 
I remembered it does all types of motion detection and timed exposures for the DSLR, so gave it a try last night...gosh it was dark! 
I remembered today why dancing is my true passion. I cried MULTIPLE times while watching SYTYCD. 
I repeat my question: @LarsBeyer WTF is &quot;perpendicular marketing analysis&quot;? Sounds good... Written an article about it? 
I rescued a baby kitten today... He's gray and his name is cougar 
I resisted until I got bored... and Twitter doesn't get along with my dell... and now it's time for graduation picture uploading. 
I rest my case, I'm not going out tonight I'm gonna stay in watch tv and eat junk food!! 
I retreated back into the band members/Bono area...it's only love in there 
I return to work... first interesting link http://bit.ly/IFI24 How bizzare is this!  Would it ever be useful in business ?  #TweetPsych
I rode 7ish miles on my bike today... I watched the last 2 episodes of Primeval season 3... it's 4am-ish... I'm going to bed. Good Night! 
I RODE A HARLEY!!!! it was awesome 
i rode the motorcycle under heavy rain and flood,apparently i wasn't handy enough,so i had a little accident and a beautiful swollen leg 
I run faster than that! And matt, both were pretty comparable. The energy here was palpable. I liked it   ï¿½ï¿½l Berto!
I said &quot;dragged&quot; instead of &quot;drug&quot; shows just how freakin tired I am ;)  Now for a full day of meetings and bitchy brides 
i said 6th or 8th, thinking i'm still in brooklyn. She replied, oh you're at 8th. I smiled, said thank you, and left   so much for sleep!
i said boo and scared gregory brian 
I said I be on some g shit, I be on some g shit..check them other girls for louie shopping spree shit. 
I said Lakers, not Dodgers just for you, @misskristinlee  Let's keep you around.
I said that I bought them for myself but also that I have no clue who bought him his chocolates and left them on his desk. 
I said the house bunnies, the show is actually called &quot;The girls next door&quot; LOL!! Ooops my bad.... 
i sang in church today 
I sang karaoke for the first time. I got 100 ... hmmm something is wrong with Magic Mic. 
I sang the song This is me of Demi at the church and WOW! it was abig hit!! sooo happy 
I sat through some classes with my friends that I haven't seen in FOREVER. Then I went to the movies with my cousins to see UP. 
I saved a cat from the train today 
I saw &quot;Hangover&quot; this weekend... I HIGHLY recommend it 
I saw a hummingbird at my feeder this morning. 
I saw a phone that i really want 
I saw a really cute guy at the beach today, and omg... He had abs! Dayummmm 
I saw a shooting star! 
I saw a Whodini blip and it reminded me of this song.  The freaks come out at night!!! â™« http://blip.fm/~8b3kc
I saw deer in the backyard from my bedroom window this morning 
I saw hangover, it was the shit 
I saw it &amp; said in my head!   awh thats cute ! but does it work !??  lmaoo  grow it baby boy ch-ch-ch-chia !  ha !  
I saw Julia Benz today! 
I saw Mimi from the Drew Carey show at the book signing on Friday No seriously it had 2 be her who else but a clown would look like that 
I saw Mr. Hips today. Im so happy, thought he was absent again. 
I saw my baby cousins, Evan &amp; Victoria, today!  Seeing them made my day after a boring day in Project Grad =\
I saw my favorite teacher from highschool at my eye doctors  awe She's the nicest lady 
I saw nomes on twitter  but I'm still not waking up
I saw Pirates Of The Carribean 2 last night for the first time. I think I must be the last person to watch it! Gotta love Captain Jack! 
i saw someone wearing Ako Mismo dog tag! nice!  wish i could have one too!
i saw th MTV Movie Awards yesterday!!!! whooo!!! they were hilarious!! 
I saw THE MOST BEAUTIFUL person in my life while driving...almost drove by again.  #creeper
I Saw The New Moon Trailer Its Fucking Awsome Can't Wait To Go See It But If You Agree With Me Reply Please 
I saw this episode before...finna go to sleep...good night tweeters 
I saw those peachy bottomed cherubs on the big screen.  haha
i saw Timmy and Alysserz  HAPPY!!
i saw UP! it was so cute  kind of a tear jerker lol
I saw Victoria's Vaginaaaa  hahahah
I say Joe. Heehehehe.  &amp; He can sing to you.  *Its u&amp;me 4eva*
I say 'Rrrrr' you say 'Anks' 
I say this all the time.. but I want to go away on holiday! Prefebly MIAMI! 
I scored a point and knocked a disc out of the air in Ultimate 
I scream, you scream, we all scream for (banana split and or strawberry cheesecake) ice cream! someone bring me some 
I screwed up my Mt Olevel, oh well... hope i did my best 
I search Love.. And I want SUN SUN SUN  
i second that notion 
I secretly love it when Jeff calls me Annaleah  I love you too baby boy!
I see @keysoffaith 
I see a bit of sun 
I see a rainbow 
i see bright lights. i feel happy and at peace. 
i see fakes so so easy lol 
I see families having bbqs in the park. 
I see I see 
I see iCarly 
i see Miley on the red carpet  [online] she is awesome!!!
i see my bff tomorrow 
I see my future reflected in their eyes 
I see soo much purple n gold today! 
I see that Kris Allen did win the American Idol  Great, that gives me further reason to check him out properly.
I see the both of you! @djvinceadams @damonDCclark LOL 
I see the cybersquatter has been squatted. http://www.facebook.com/koptalk ... Not sure I can take all this irony 
I see the Tennis news and Nadal lost ?  Fedex you should not miss this chance to win this RG09 Titile this year! #French Open #Federer
i see what others dun see. 
i see why they wanted to call it Halo: Recon 
i see you letter!! 
I seem to be lost somewhere in Pest. heh. This should be fun 
I seem to have a mention in today's Sunday Mail. I didn't know until I got a whole heap of newsletter signups! Thanks Lainie!!! 
i seem to have a virus on my computer...jk i love kim back 
I seem to have developed a weird non itchy rash........just call me &quot;blotchy&quot;  
i seen an advert for lines, vines and trying times on smash hits tv woooo 
I sees a rainbow  Yay.
I sense a little pain behind those eyes. There's only one cure for pain like that. 
I sent comments of 'love' to her (L)... 
I sent my email to @Spotify to request #Spotify in Reunion. 
I seriously cannot WAIT to go to the beach. June 13-20 at Ocean City Maryland. Be there or be square! 
I seriously CAN'T WAIT for New Moon  I wanna watch it NOW )
i seriously do want a chocolate milkshake 
I seriously fail at remember to update this! I got to see Rent last night; meeting Anthony Rapp=amazing. 
I seriously have the best friend ever! 
i seriously HAVE to HAVE this http://bit.ly/ZvCnY   pleaseeeeee
I seriously mean it though. Check out @ddlovato, john williams and god. Lol 
i seriously need to go to bed now! night  &lt;3
I seriously underestimated Malcolm Gladwell.  I want to meet this dude.
I seriously want to tell this girl to leave him alone on Friday, yet I don't want to get involved. Thoughts, tweeters? 
I seriously want to try out Google Wave. Anybody have an invite or a something 
i settled on animal crackers 
I shall complete another portion of cross stitching 
I shall continue being a nerd by burying my face in my book  P.S.: got the bottle opened!
I shall do todays trending topics!!!  Get ready Twi-ons !
I shall hold a twitter event! Where no one tweets for an hour! Details coming soon. 
I shall jam to Matt and Kim all morning!  
I shall mostly be checking the weather forecast 
i shall run. 
I shall wake up earlier tmr to continue work. Gd 9! 
I share my birthday with the State of Alabama, it became a state on my birthday 
I shell be going for a walk in 30 mins.. who wishes to join me? 
I shop at the men's department, for wallets  the ladies' range are either too bulky or huge for me
I shoud become a singer someday in the near future !!! 
I should be asleep but nooo thank you 
i should be exhausted right now, but i'm completely awake. Today was pretty much amazing though 
I should be in bed, but waiting for Blinky to finish Trinity Blood for his reaction keeps me awake. 
I should be living in California! Lol 
i should be revising.... sod that 
I should be sleeping... instead am watching episodes of Family Ties.   (I &lt;3 Alex P Keaton!)
I SHOULD be studying for finals. ehh whatever 
I should be studying.. BUT IM NOT. 
I should be working on my audition comic...oh yeah I think I'm gonna use Kro, Hue, and Mika.  
i should continue editing his book.....but i'm hooked on this instead.. 
I should get some sleep. gotta get up early to order my Taylor swift tickets 
i should go and make me something to eat 
i should go have a shower and feel more normal 
i should go to bed 
I SHOULD google it 
I should hate you but I can't so...I will not buy your album na lang 
I should have been a doctor cuz pharmacist is there right hand  Damn I'm good!!
I should have posted this for the world Pinhole day   I Love this picture. http://twitpic.com/4jb4d
I should have ruined the awards ceromony at school. 
I should have slept a long time ago. 
I should know better then to neglect twitter on Friday because there are like 50 tweets of @lhriangel spamming about her tv show heh 
I should leave more often - people keep on paying for my drinks 
i should make that a link. www.omgpop.com/africanshea  ADD ME!
i should marry sleeping beauty cause' both of us have the same hobby~ 
I should not buy any of it though. I need the money for a possible #mcflyforgermany time. I'm such a teen 
I should probably not be so insanely happy today?! I have no idea why I am but grooving around my room is so fun! 
i should probably start packing for camp since i leave tomorrow at 7 in the morning haha im so excited!!! 
i should probably start packing for nags head since i leave in an hour... so excited! 
I should probaly leave Twitter now, I dont want to become a Twitter Whore  night.x
I should probs be stressed about all the stuff to do in the next two weeks, but I'm in LONDON. In the words of Rihanna, &quot;Live your life&quot; 
I should proofread my posts.  So many nows, so few needed. 
I should publicly apologise to @katyand  (and witnesses @citizenswift @mystifedical) for being weird. That is my response to weirdness. 
i should REALLY Be getting ready right now........but i dont feel like it...... dance recital tonight 
I should really be processing my Rodney Atkins pics from Thurs nite, but my apt is too cold and I'm tired. Thinking nap instead. 
i should really start studying for the benchmark exam thing... but yeah as anyone would say. i dont feel like it... 
i should really try to twitter more .. At school doing absolutely nothing. Cant wait for the summer to come. US HIGH SCHOOL HERE I COME 
i should sleep 
I should start charging people for seeking me  LOL
I should start working tomorrow! 
I should use the computer at the living room -- it is tempting to drink *cups* of coffee in the kitchen. 
I should watch something -,- have been chattin' with chrissy about baby names and such haha 
i shouldn't be allowed to drive on the freeway. had about 6 near death experiences &amp; at least 8 death stares. way to start my morning off 
I showered, I feel clean!!! now I'm going to sleep, g'night my lovely ppl 
i showered.  god blogtv scares me.
I shut my eyes to see. 
I signed my LEASE for another wonderful YEAR !!! 
I skip Elti (haha) and i don't care bout the result. I think it's not good if we hope too much. Just want this flu goes away. 
I slept 10 and a half hours. 
@JanayS Actually SoS won't be here, VI will be accompanied by Gliss and Make Me. The day after Brandi Carlile, busy month gigwise 
@JanayS Oh now how could anyone resist that LOL  xoxo
@jancake aaahhhh lucky u! Hopefully tomorrow night comes quik  !
@Jandees Please say hello to Mickey Bogart, Jan Wissman, Tweed Ross, and Mike Ribble there at KSU-COE. Welcome to Twitter! 
@jandercyrus http://twitpic.com/66wrp - so cool!  follow me! I already did! 
@jandercyrus ouvindo o cd da trilha sonora, em?  DOASHODISHD to find my way back to tennessee ï¿½ para :*
@janders223  well i appreciate the congrats   yeah i had quite a lot on my plate
@janders223 I seem to be awake  hopefully that doesn't diminish throughout the day
@janders223 Wasn't me I promise!  We had it here something fierce early last week but it's been clear all weekend.
@janders223 well you could always just do it for him  thats what i would do 
@janderson_fox29 Wear a vest tomorrow to keep your chest and neck warm.  It will work wonders to help your breathing.  
@jandroid now can't make it tonight. Just got home. Been an effed up day and I'm staying in  I'll wave back lol
@jandsy hello. long time no see! am watching inspector george gently (i really am!) catch you soon. 
@jandsy Very true...atmosphere was amazing! 
@jane__  I hate it too I have to late so much time and I get nerves now I hope everything will be ok 
@jane__  I'm fine thanks  u?
@jane__  irl who is your favourite? jacob or edward?
@jane__ im just watchin, its very interesting 
@jane__ irl just ended lo. but it was good 
@jane__ Thanks 
@jane_l Could be a greyhound lover?  
@jane_l Oh, I remember that. Yeah, it was a compelling read. So long ago. 
@jane_l that would mean chax's tail was in two holes at once  #rrtheatre
@jane_l yeah. MH came out 1st, but Sizzle was contracted 1st IIRC 
@Jane_Safarian omg, wow. that's amazing. did you do that? its beautiful 
@Jane_Safarian thank-you 
@Jane_Volterra never mind  Why don't you join us? its gonna be fun! 
@jane_volturi1 by then we will have some more volturi people...Oh yeah. Bella is gonna get pissed that you are there, just to warn you 
@janeambrose it really did  It's the highlight of my day! \/
@JaneAsher Thank you! 
@JaneBelinda hey, if I can help, lemme know 
@JaneCWoods Thank you  
@Janedebond considerin it.will have to raid freezer though.lol 
@Janedebond I am hoping I'll be able to get pictures of someone else - was camera-handicapped but the dress was divine! 
@Janedebond It was fantastic , visited grave of our relative who died in the Somme, hugged lots of D-Day veterans, cried, drank wine 
@Janedebond oooohhh I have done love your tales 
@Janedebond Rather good thank you  how about you? X
@Janedebond thats the sort you want that likes a fuss.lol 
@Janedebond They're gorgeous  Bear with me!
@janedevin LOL! I'll give you that, yes... you are doing hard time. 
@janedevin That is easily done 
@JaneDoes The stalker coat with nothing underneath   (via @KCPL) LOL
@janedunn bbq food?! did you finally have a bbq then?!  yay.
@JaneEJohnson If y'all say so, I trust you on that one 
@JaneenCapone voting already started  go go go vooote 
@Janefonda good luck! W/the award..not the vodka 
@Janefonda Nice. Keep the schedule; keep the schedule. 
@Janefonda You know, if you need someone to go with you, I'm always available. 
@Janefonda you than meets the eye&quot; wasn't there?? I've got it stuck in my head and I'm trying to find it on Youtube or something... 
@janeheller Have a great evening, happy to do the shout out!  And thanks for the compliment 
@JaneHungOz heyheyhey! Lovin' the icon! Gosh even his feet are cute...hehe 
@JaneHungOz hi, enjoy your time at home, but of course we missed you! though i was kinda w/o twitter myself - not my choise of course 
@JaneHungOz I've just started using tweetdeck but I'm not using it at the moment &amp; you get the privilage of my 4400 post 
@JaneHungOz Oh! Have fun! Stweet you (?) soon. 
@JaneHungOz yea! AND and he said he's coming 
@janejardine i can't go to TYC because i'm doing work experience at my Godfathers so have to stay the night. sorry 
@janejardine I PROMISE I'm emailing you back AS SOON AS I get home. Stay strong  LOVE x x x
@janejardine thanks for link   amazing idea!!
@janelam @menu4ever  that sounds like a good idea! too bad no1 in my dam would agree to that! @Jason_Mo that sounds like a good idea ..!
@janelapham yep, I'm staying but I'll be around for rock band fun 
@JaneLebak I actually just learned about a &quot;shift solenoid&quot; in the transmission; might solve one of my issues; will look into it soon 
@Janelle007 yeah. Im outtie tonight  haven't been home since like 8 this mornin....lol. been in town running errands n at my boys house.
@janellehuelsman just a few more days until it's all over! goodluck w/ exams and schtuff! 
@JanelleLea Our health is important too lol 
@JanelleMonae MANY MOONS, love the song and Video! Regards from Sweden 
@janellems  Did you say you were coming to AK today?
@janellems Now I'm super excited!   *tail wags     
@janellewilson I know what you mean. And just realized I said &quot;train in&quot; not &quot;trade in.&quot; Doing nothing all day is exhausting apparently 
@janellewilson I shared the file with you on dropbox if you wanna check it out (check your school email) 
@JanellGarber: Use Alcohol. It's 100x more effective. 
@janellybeans Hey chica! Nice meeting you over the weekend... we all got go out again sometime. Ttyl! 
@JanelMcCarville ...and it's a great one, just as you are, J-MAC! I am SO psyched for Liberty season 
@JaneLoeddingArt thanks  great tip!
@Janemaurer We are equally bizarre. 
@janemauz DT is currently filming his version of Hamlet  To air in UK later in year, US next year. Will be on DVD. (Sorry to jump in!)
@janemcmurry Hope all is well with you 
@janemoo we should go bowling for dohyun, if he wants to 
@janeofvolturi That's grear  So what have you been up to lately?
@janeporricelli She lives!  You were so Twitter quiet after the race. Recovering or celebrating?  ps. #20 Fem. in your 1st marathon Wow!
@janesavoie Looking forward to Monday, big time 
@janessapunani concert please explain? im intrigued 
@Janet_Reid I think it works pretty well  Writing query letters should be a pain. Few things that are easy are worth it.
@Janet_Reid Lol. It was the dissing of the were-octopus that did you in. However, he redeems himself by rescuing you from a were-spider. 
@janetasuncion no run... i'm doing afc half marathon in august  rnr was this morning!
@janetbailey Hooray for easy days. It's almost 9am Monday here. Happily busy working on joint splendidness w/ @GoddessLeonie 
@JanetBarclay Sounds great. Only a few days and we get to meet. Woohoo! 
@JanetcBaby speaking portuguese after watever u had for dinner.Muz be some cooking! Haha...loving Michael Buble huh? 
@JanetChase I always throw my banana's in the freezer as soon as they start going dark, that way I've always got some when I want to bake 
@janetconner I didn't catch yours? You might be able to tell why we click, I'm an INFP. Saw yur reference 2 someone, 
@janetconner Love your website!Love that you're a writer. Really glad to meet you! I did follow @nettiehartsock &amp; yes I'll figure it out. 
@Janetdawson2009 yes, i have come to the conclusion that sloth is a virtue, not a sin 
@JanetEdin Hi,laughed at your tweet 2 me earlier...hey theres nothing wrong with single engine a/c,thats what i mainly fly at the moment 
@JanetListon if it was only that exciting!! Well, sometimes LOL 
@Janetrigs Is this boy u meet with u know.  Can u not tweet now???  
@Janetrigs U are some craziness.   I can't wait to get home and have a big ol' glass of wine.
@JanetRoper Not yet...enjoying the last bit of NY/Long Island as much as possible 
@JanetRudolph Thanks for the #FollowFriday shout-out!  
@JanetteVeronica absoluetly u can! Very achievable w exercise and good eating...everday 
@Janetttt... you too, sweets. A lovely morning to you  â™« http://blip.fm/~7qnd9
@JaneTV If they let you take home a doggy bag, I'd lovvvvvvvve a taste. 
@JanetVanderhoof Do I detect a theme here? 
@janevans35 LOL I love my MacBook too. Oh and my iMac. Can't decide which I love more. OK 24&quot; iMac trumps 13&quot; MacBook 
@janeway529 Thanks!  Hehe yeah, I'm moving again in August tho. Just need to be locked in with the music now so I can be more productive
@janewiedlin http://twitpic.com/5cdpk - I recognize this lot!  I'm not sure where this particular pic was taken but the guy, Greg Pike ...
@janewmeade there's no &quot;s&quot; at the end - @marshallsylver is correct 
@janeyha ooh shit that's bad LOL  you ok doll face ?? Xxx
@janeylicious ï¿½ Obviously not since it fit on a single CD. 
@janfog LOL, where on earth did you find that?! I wish I were with @guykawasaki on the #Nimitz today 
@janfran813 awww i can't wait to get one 
@jangelo - i got the LEGITIMATE version from datablitz. btw what time are we meeting tom? i will show you #sims3 
@jangelo Sweet. We've got Friday as well. 
@jangky good for you 
@jangles all feedback on wlwbackup welcome 
@jangoo was watching the mtv awards. 
@jangsoo hrm... thanks dude. i guess it's back to tmobile for me then 
@janHollERation You feel old? Who is the one who will be 31 on your 21st Birthday in Vegas?? Lol 
@janiboink okay thanks 
@Janica17 lol. thank you! i'd rather be dead than go to school! 
@janice514 Hey, how are you? 
@janiceanya youre not a stalker janice!  @xandraaaa ahaha iya, @alikaislamadina panik abis gitu tadi masa
@janicejenelle Nice  thanks!
@janiceromero thanks! 
@janicu @lustyreader @romancerookie Thanks for letting me know, everyone! 
@Janie1809 so how did the dancing on your own turn out?? 
@JanieC That sounds great. And I hope you have wonderful weather for it. 
@JanieceLincoln or, you can just marry me instead of being a date!?  
@janiecwales @Sazchik @piginthepoke Thank you all 
@JanieH Ooh, I keep meaning to check out battledecks! It sounds like something I want to do! Me=GamingGeek.  #pres4lib
@janilaiice sounds good right now 
@janinaz http://twitpic.com/67dl7 - haha, thats funny 
@janinaz I would recommend upside down 
@janine_j9  look at you!!! Chatting with the stars!!! WTG  
@janine_j9 Hey Lil J... it's just turned 12.18am 
@janine_j9 hey. i will sleep na. haha. it's nice to meet you.  let's chat next time,k? ;)
@janine_j9 Hmm. Idk what else you should get. But I'll let you know when I can think of more stuff lol 
@janine_j9 I was telling the truth about the vid BTW 
@janine_j9 If I'm going to be famous and marry George Clooney one of these days, I want the kids in Vegas to know about it! LMAO! 
@janine_j9 It's on the hills 
@janine_j9 Just pick someone who is definitely more mature than yourself J9 - they take longer 2 grow up than us 
@janine_j9 Not yet...coming up 
@janine_j9 You've never had them?? Omg shame on you. They're @DavidArchie 's favorite snacks. And they're sooo yummy 
@janinealino janine whoa dude hahah u really put the things i sent u sa fb ahhaha!!gee tnx janine 
@janineshepherd Me too, except I don't thank them. I guess I still need to work on that 
@Janiqua Goodmorning cutie 
@janiscudilla thanks janith 
@JanisPettit How exciting for you both!!  
@JanisSharp  morning Janis.  Lovely sunny morning here now. Thinking abt yr coming week. BELIEVE! 
@JanisSharp had some bloke join &amp; leave &amp; rejoin me 4 times. I had not followed him. Why would a life ** follow me?  Gt walk today.
@JanisSharp Hi Janis  I'm good thanks, still trying to wake up lol how are you?
@JanisSharp my hairs simple to cut   OMG yes I see you have a lot more support on your site too!
@JanisSharp Not sure how to do photos on here! He was sent from Ireland to a rescue centre in UK poor chap...lucky chap now though 
@JanisSharp thanks Janis 
@JanisSharp Thats good  how is Gary?
@JanisSharp Thats really good Janis.  It will be good when its all over and done with...will keep praying xxxxx
@Janit http://twitpic.com/558ee - me wants that hair soon after getting a major! 
@Janit its okay. so, how do you do? 
@Janit thank you  btw, jgn lupa CROCSnya yaa ? :'( size = 40 hehhee 
@janjan1979 LOL .  you could say that u have loved him a long time 
@jankern Yeah, there's so much grey. Tough to get that in 140 characters.   Good advice.
@janliz thank you  ive blocked him from mine now. he's a silly boy
@janlo i wish i can share your excitement hehehe but the girl is cute 
@JanMasters You got facebook? http://tinyurl.com/c44c6r Come join up!  x
@Jannabelle i hope you are well. big hugs back 
@jannagae G'morning!  I wanted to say last night, I love the idea of &quot;haiku as therapy&quot;... I'm glad we share the same moon. 
@jannagae Thank you...I am really digging your writing  I'm only moved by GREAT writing!
@jannarden Douglas Coupland. Cdn writer, artist.  Wrote Generation X, Microserfs. Smart guy. But aloof 
@jannarden Uhm, yeh, I got my period! You're a riot! 
@JannaWasHere its 12:28 for me 
@Janneke8 lmao i am so stupid, i just read she is your cousin hahaha. *blonde moment* hope you can take pics 
@janneme HAHA. sure thing 
@JannLee360 Yes, the MS E3 parts are great! This new technology Project Natal rocks my socks! 
@Jannniily WOW.  Thanks.  I'm gonna post it na. haha.
@jannybeans Hahaha Yeah that'll be cool  HAHAHA Still crushing.....
@jannybeans Yeah I saw your bottle the other time. Lucky you!! 
@janoella the way even tho with out the aid of any M/cs they still built amazing cities!! beautiful structures!!! 
@janole hey, did you get my message?  We on for this week?  (shall we move to email? 
@janole hi Ole?have u received interview ? 
@janole How about &quot;Dear Sir&quot; 
@JanOlePeek lol Which music?  And yes indeed its midnight and tomorrows Monday :| I dislike Monday....
@JanPolet Lunch at Jan Polet is like a box of chocolate, you never know what you gonna get... 
@jansensullivan Europe ... supposedly ... we'll see 
@JanSimpson - I have been here - just been quiet lately  Could never keep up with you!
@JanSimpson correction were all screwed for 2 years 
@JanSimpson fine thanks! and you, hope is better! 
@JanSimpson G'morning sweetie  Well UNC completely dismantled MSU last night, huh?
@JanSimpson I am good my darling Netune is active today Gentle influence of hidden mysteries for all ppl today  Xxx
@JanSimpson Much better vote education is much better 
@JanSimpson Not that you asked for my 2 cents, but just sayin 
@JanSimpson Sorry I never answered, went off early! I will play it later if I can find it! 
@JanSimpson Thx for including me in your good ppl list. It shows the good person you are, given our dialogue this morning.  #FollowFriday
@JanSimpson was thinkning same thing - lots of people rooting for him here 
@JanSimpson Wish we had fresh 'maters here 
@JanSimpson You really must take a look at our Doggy friends with muddy Pause http://www.twitpic.com/39nch Look how happy they are 
@janTDFATL id never ever hurt her!  shes to amazing to use to hurt! 
@janTDFATL Yeah! Tell me about it! I migt do it right before school starts!  Im excitedd! I think itd look REALLY awesome and pretty! 
@jantielens @stefanvds Haha, my last shoot at a gig, there was one holding his hand before the flash, because it kept on popping out  LOL
@jantonny Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@Jantunstill Haha, cool. Glad you had a nice time. Only a few days away now 
@Jantunstill It's lovely isn't it!  I love days like this 
@Jantunstill Sounds like a better plan 
@Jantunstill Sounds tasty  x
@Januaryelle I'm going to throw a fit and hopefully someone will send me to sit on my bed so I can take a nap too. 
@janus0x  jejeje Grab the BBT dvd's, get some starbucks and go superHD!
@JanVanRyswyck You're just jealous because I'm going to be all rich and famous! 
@JanWebster DMs are fuckered, but that's great.  She's an awesome person, and so are you 
@Janyssa Thanks~ I think I should give myself more time to adapt and absorb more hehe.  
@JaoGirl if only we could.... -.- i'm sooo bored... glad we have our break now..  lata... xD
@jaonyourmind no problem 
@japaowackee Congrats!  What phone did you get?
@japerry Airport? What airport? My butt was in my Dodge for 700+ miles from Indianapolis to Chicago to Madison WI &amp; back. Never again! 
@japhun I had lunch at my office building's cafetaria just downstairs Jon. Simple Indonesian food...yummy 
@japhun I know 
@JAPOLLONIA NO NOT GHETTO UR AWESOME 
@jaq518 Likewise, Thank you! 
@JaqStone and @Lurquer Thank you for spreading the love even more. 
@JaqStone thanx for the #FF love! 
@JaqStone Very welcome, Jacqueline! Entirely my pleasure!  #SmileSaturday
@jarango sounds more like a land giveaway 
@jardindeparis No I love you  Hell yeah! we're rockin bonnaroo!
@jareason left a comment on your blog post 
@jareason legit. Legit cruise. 
@jareason There's nothing good on tonight anyway!!   #Sigjeans
@jarecke Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeterfollow.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@Jared_Booth &amp; you perform that duty all TOO well, bub  have a few bros like u mysel; lol
@jared_sheldon jared, tweet the photos of the airport. deffo wanna see it too!  xx
@jaredaripaul Oops, I was thinking of the giraffe house in Baltimore...sorry.  
@jaredaripaul Thanks for the stage pic! We're so ready to  be fully serviced in August. Can't wait. 
@jaredc1035 ah that really bites. night hubz 
@jaredchristian i dropped my touch screen phone &amp; got a big scratch on it. but i just danced.  lol
@jaredddFollowil you all were amazing tonight!! can't believe you've made it this far 
@jaredhead I've still got 9 laps to go.. multi-tasking with the UK apprentice.  I didn't agree with the medals thing 
@Jaredinabottle You so will get married. The world will catch up, I promise. 
@jaredkastriner i'll let you know how it goes 
@jaredleto &quot;best band in the world?&quot; oh, i didnt know YOU guys were playing last night! LOL did u wish mr smith a happy bday on advance? 
@jaredleto ...thinking that I made some amazing tacos 
@jaredleto At the time, I was enjoying a beautiful warm evening in Studio City. 
@jaredleto btw you've really gotten yourself in a bit of a pickle...also, that's gorgeous that you care so much about animals 
@jaredleto Hi!  Just got back home from work. I'm about to have lunch. And no, I'm not a vegan... Sleep tight! xxx
@jaredleto hmmm, i'm thinking about a Japanese band... Maximum The Hormone, a little bit heavy. You should listen to it if you want! 
@jaredleto http://twitpic.com/3jzmw - I think that's your plaid shirt! 
@jaredleto http://twitpic.com/3ncr0 - I know now like you are! Wow! 
@jaredleto I forgot to say...your new pictures are amazing! (GQ Style Magazine ~ Nov.2008) Did the little dog get to sleep on your arms? 
@jaredleto im thinking you're the most amazing person ever for calling me! 
@jaredleto Mr. Nobody Trailer looks good!  
@jaredleto oh my god, i love your music a lot ^^ u are my idol, so...when 30STM will have new songs? or albums? 
@jaredleto thank you for SHaring  the PICS 
@jaredleto trying to survive this day although Im alone at the office this week. Any suggestions from your side to brighten my day?  Thnx.
@jaredlunde  words like that will take you a long way! Now for the website? I'll race ya!
@jaredlunde @greggrunberg  would probably know - he was all over the actual word the other day with Dr. Drew! 
@JaredLunde LOL.. Aww, c'mon!   A hint?  Was I even close? LOL 
@jaredmaine @kennedymaine @johnmaine @patmaine @garrettmaine I LOVE YOU GUYS! get your ass to australia in december for my birthday 
@jaredmaine i think ur thinking 
@jaredmaine it was amazing. its a 'must-see' movie. 
@jaredMhoffman don't get hurt too bad... 
@JaredMontz yeah you gotta hand it to MLS- 1 fan complaint and BAM! the whole league schedule gets changed around. that's cust. service! 
@jaredpuge oh well... LAKERS ON THE GO!!! 
@Jareds_Kim Wake up little sis  I AM HUNGRY 
@jaredsiegel awww leaves us all warm &amp; toasty, thanks jared 
@jaredsiegel thanks for helping the block go round lol  mad love
@jaredsiegel Thanks for the love Jared! Whichever Jared you are! 
@jaredsiegel Wow! Jon isn't very nice! LOL! We have some talented Twitter pages artists...just ask for help and you'll get it!  Andrea
@jaredstuffle ur twts are hardly aa horrible as the mtv movie awards! Keep em coming! 
@JaredWerewolf I got dirt bikes today 
@jaredwsmith: yeah it is about that hour, was up till near 5a last night not a good idea.  Take care. and Pleasant dreams.
@JarethBlue hehe  Hiya Jay - Haven't seen you for a looong time - you look like John - you poor guy ;)
@Jargan Happy  Birthday from a total stranger that follows your Tweets. Hope you celebrate all weekend. 
@Jargan Happy Birthday Johanna!!!! Would of sent this earlier but I was at work...AND twitter is also in a funk tonight! Hope it ROCKS! 
@jarhead2000 I went fishing today, thought it was an appropriate avatar! 
@jarhead2000 now we just need the iCharger, just place any rechargable Apple item on top, come back in an hour and it's @ 100%! 
@jarhood Yeah... Guess i'll wait then 
@jarispry Oh yeah: Michael Carlisle and Anna Rosalie  lol
@JarlePetterson  Brown beskyttes av Mandelson, som mente B. burde bruke slÃ¸r: Â«Gordon looks pretty dreadful without his face covered upÂ»
@jarod Certainly if there wasn't a real one before the comic, there'd be a fan one after. Think verified accounts will solve this? 
@JarodC Hey! Yes I love the whole damn playlist! You ROCK.  Now where were you tonight, I even wore my &quot;fuck me&quot; dress.
@jarodoxxx Non. Sympa comme news tiens 
@jaronmc of couse haha i don't think apple will sacrafice quality it will b a big step back too much  what mac do you own?
@jarreauman i hear ya on that 
@jarred Resn looks like an amazing company to be at. Best of luck! 
@jarrelt but my school to home is so much shorter distance than yours. CRAZY BUT COOL!  btw the mrbrown thing is a joke lah.
@jarrelt eh i'll be a bit lateish! can you send our surveys for printing? 300 copies 
@JarrettLee That's what I thought. 
@jarrettyoung I was in the bowdoin res life office telling funny stories about you today.  hahaha
@jarrjarr11 you always do well 
@jarrodwalsh Ah, you're welcome? 
@jarrodwilliams Hey jarrod ... I'd love to but it turns out I might have plans that night ... i'll make it if i can 
@jarsofclay Just opened it up. First reaction: cool... but extremely pink.  Very interested to check out the CD and DVD.
@jarvelo i smell like your purfume from hugging you  really nice fragrance
@jarvie that's why you get the big bucks 
@Jas_Mean Sorry for late reply. Robert's advice kinda far out, but I'm supposed to let you know when it works. Still waiting. 
@jas0nprice i just saw ur dad walking danedane&lt;3! without a leash hes so goooodddd 
@jasabout Cool.  Will keep an eye out. Sooo jealous. Need to think about taking a vacation sometime soon myself. Have fun!!!!
@jasabout I'd like to meet you before the cylons take you 
@jasand aren't you done with the army yet? 
@jasbabyyy so you're comin up here for bike week? make sure you get at me! it would be good to see you 
@jaschier Oh, okay, i'll try that  SOS ganun lang pala ) Thanks man 
@jasdalt it's a very good film. The book is next on my list to read 
@jasdeep  I seem to be always thanking you!  Thanks for tweeting about me!!
@jasdeep @sepiaverse have you come across songs of satinder sartaaj on youtube.. sounds good ...  #sufi
@jasdonwar Are you Zara's boyfriend? 
@jase88 we off to see night at the museum now 
@JaseLP ok good I was fixin' to start phone harassing you to keep you awake. 
@JaseNewell Good Morning Minion!! I'm still up! 
@jaset Mr. Deity is the bomb 
@jaseygalore kidding man, was talking about your recent bowel movements. 
@jashcandymatt well besides god of course. You r the greatest in this world is a better way to say it  haha
@jashiu And stop this 'geek babble' 
@jasimmo mines a pint... be there in 3 hours..  
@jasmeenles Good Morning Jazz!!  4 more dayssss, until ur. Wedding Day  YEA!! YEA!!!
@Jasmin_Kathleen thank you 
@Jasmin_Norris i dunno, ive been tweeting about it for 3 months or so 
@Jasmin_Norris of course tuscany &amp; the amalfi coast r marvels of epic proportions.  don't make me choose. LOL. what about u?
@Jasmin_Norris Thanks for the Thanks 
@jasmin402 Night at the Museum was cute too 
@Jasmine__Murray btw, youre a ramiele fan? i saw that you were following her hahah 
@Jasmine__Murray GREAT!  Me either!  @ddovato got great looks and a great voice! she's &lt;3 And so are you Jasmine! ;)
@Jasmine__Murray oh cool!  Which one is better?  Bride Wars or The Uninvited? (:
@jasmine_dani Eh, tru tru... i think id rather have Travis  &lt;3
@jasmine_marie You and Daniel were amazing.. I heard nothing but great things being said about you guys!!   I will refer you any day girl!
@Jasmine1993 i have attempted and it didnt go to well hehe i might have another go soon though 
@jasminealifa hehe, no probs jasmine!  thanks for following me back too
@JasmineAtAnimax : konnichiWa! im very glad that you guys released Kyou Kara Maoh Season 2! now i can continue! thankS Jasmine-saN! 
@JasmineAtAnimax Haha .. Im Waiting for tears to tiara  i wanna join the contest but i dont have the 3rd Week, weekly code &gt;&lt;&quot;
@JasmineAtAnimax lolx r you referring to Air Gear manga recent chapter?! I really don't get that one 
@JasmineBarbie no prob mama  stay Gorgeous (((and wave at dem haters)) miss america style xo
@JasmineBarton i think im gunna email  xx
@JasmineCirjanic no, I only just found out about them via my friend @bgfrancey tweet 
@jasminedotiwala I remember taking yoga in a college course holy Wow does it BURN 
@jasmineemily Glad you like  Please leave feedback for me on my website when you can  xx
@jasminegypsy: definitely one of em 
@jasmineix yeah sorry about that! we're totally haning out over break though! oh btw, i wore your shirt today. i looove it, thaank yoouu! 
@jasminejoejonas REALLY?!?! hehehe 
@JasmineJoi I think you should do it. I honestly was thinking the same thing. I want my followers to get a better idea of who I am. 
@jasminekpk  you're the greatest.
@jasminekpk But hey I'm not 100% sure wether it's coming out or not  Isi?? Let's find together the isi and we can exchange XD
@jasminekpk HAHAHA,I got also in my iPod  Lame gila laa.Frankly,Jonas Brothers can really make me laugh over the top. ;)
@jasminekpk I'm pretty sure lots of fans have let them know  This must be such a relief for them... 
@jasminekpk Really?I didn't check my email yet.But,thanks  Sorry for troubling you mak cik Nek loves you &lt;3 ;D
@jasminelol good luck with the prom dress shopping!! 
@JasmineMcGregor Thank you, Jaz.  That's good advice...
@jasminesanders put some in doggie bag for me LOL  have a great day Jasmine 
@jasminestar you are NOT alone on that  i just did it.... oops
@jasminestiara I just read your blog. Thanks for blogging that. I'm sure whoever reads that will show more respect for the JBnoys. 
@JasmineTafoya glad we can fill that void you've been feeling 
@JASMINEVILLEGAS HI! i hope this works: Im new and im ur #1FAN4EVER&amp;EVER!! I really really wanna talk to u!BAD!Plz tweet me bak!luvya!!&lt;3 
@jasminezarasani haha iya. your welcome sist! 
@jasminezarasani wanna give up? haha @mcraddictal hell yeah  *hugs*
@jasminxx FINE. and mkay HAVE FUN  BE SAFE USE CONDOMS :X
@jasnazorn how are you? 
@jasnich Isn't it!  I hope it made u smile too, it worked for me 
@jasolutions What a coincidence... Im trying to figure out what to do w/my life.  Btw, does bathing Bosco make the fire detectors go off? 
@jason_2008 @karen230683 Oh Minstrels are yummy..im eating Cadburys Chocolate Peanuts at the mo! Moreish!! 
@jason_2008 Evening...im great thanks Jason..hows you? Good day? 
@jason_2008 LOL aw do you love to hear from your bro first thing on a Saturday morning?!  @sion71
@jason_2008 LOL Hey i never feel guilty about drinkin in the garden...you dnt have to dig first man!! lol Have a good afternoon Jason!! 
@jason_2008 lol oh dnt worry u'l be able to squeeze it soon enough!! Hope you have a good day today! 
@jason_2008 Nice one..hope you have a good day. Isn't this weather amazing!?! Talk to you later..enjoy your walk. 
@jason_2008 Well, having to revise them!  Was to do some more gardening, now, I guess hoovering and some warcraft  Not played in a week !
@jason_a_w I think he was talking about what costello did to turnbulls face and bowels (color and movement 
@jason_a_w ignore me looks like 1.0.3 final is out now  http://tinyurl.com/dnf5gl
@Jason_Aldean  im in love with your voice. you are so aspiring and your music touches hearts around the world.!!! you are amazing jason! 
@Jason_Cobb Ã¡ Streatham ;) en only for feminine countries, Ã¡ for cities and places  franÃ§ais, ce n'est pas facile, non!?
@Jason_Cobb splendid stuff, safe ride and look forward to your reports 
@jason_hunt Just wait until you have to doing payroll  
@jason_in_la Oh no no no, that's trivial and already decided I want to see it for a third time! 
@Jason_Manford @jenp2 yeah there has to be a Ryanair gag in there somewhere.....charging for going to the loo *slapshead* 
@Jason_Manford @mark_nicholas small world! twitter, connecting people, who'da thought 
@Jason_Manford Cool Photo 
@Jason_Manford Hey when are you gonna be on that Michael McIntyre roadshow? 
@Jason_Manford Jason, are you ready for Sunday?! NEW HOUSE! wooo. 9pm Sky1 
@Jason_Manford Just Being Modest  whos doing it with you? get Jimmy C with you, do something on tennis!? Cant wait for new 8 cats ! 
I feel much better Sleep was the charm I have a headache but aspirin with alcohol in my system?Guess not. Going to find something to eat. 
I feel naughty happy &amp; much much muuucccchhh better. I'm soo glad I went out w/my best friend.  I think I needed that ahaa.
I feel obligated to tweet b/c of derek and nem....*sigh* yea on to my aunts for some FOOD SHUN 
i feel popular, over 100mssgs in 2 days! New feeling for me  im testing a theory as well- how long can you listen to the jo bros for?
I feel pretty nice right now.  cool, calm, and collected. hehe
I feel really calm now. Going to listen to Lily Allen 
i feel really sick ew and school tomorrow even worse noooo anyway got art so thats one + of the day 
I feel really super happy at the moment  And I don't know why. But I'm so freaking bouncy and euphoric.
I feel sick and lazy. But never too sick to SHOP  Mall with Nishy in about 2 hrs. Haven't seen her in 2 billion years..
I feel sick! Maybe coz its raining for the last 2 weeks. And i really hate it. Oh well. Have fun people! 
I feel sickkk. Going to go lie down and let God's powerzz move through me. 
I feel skinny right now, wewo, cant wait for this providence and stero skyline and others 
I think i am in love all over again...w/ the Backstreet Boys and *Nsync...i love watching/listening to their old music! 
I think i am too  Just blip sum mean, mad as hell, I hate everything and its all ur fault kind of stuff LOL
I think i ate my body weight in popcorn. Yeah im cool 
I slept almost all day yesterday. felt good!  needed it
I slept almost until noon. But it was a very entertaining and good sleep. Tons of interesting dreams.  http://plurk.com/p/yu97y
I slept for 11 hours. Seeing Angels and Demons later with my mom 
i slept for over 12 hrs and i'm still recovering from florida. bbq with the family today 
I slept so good 
I smell blood.. O.o nose? Bleh. I want more shorts. XD my ears look just peachy 
i smell food, it smells lovely  i bet it's not for me tho. i bet i have this frozen thing. grrrreat!
I smell like bonfire... Combined with axe now... But its all good 
i smell like outside and hand sanitizer all i need is some cheap cologne and ill smell like a cheap hooker 
@Jason_Manford listen to nana windows it will cheer u up  http://bit.ly/14OTPE
@Jason_Manford nahh you'd get my vote ha thanks for the reply though 
@Jason_Manford Oh, and can you go via Whittle Le Woods. IÂ´d love to see our old house 
@Jason_Manford Yay! Will definitely watch it then! 
@Jason_Manford you were brilliant on friday in carlisle!!!  loved every second of it!! and congrats to you and mrs m. x
@Jason_McIntyre i sent you ulck from my 4leaf clover today.   you;re welcome.
@Jason_McIntyre Yeah, but from what I hear, moms are allowed to do that 
@jason_mesnick do you know what kishka is?? that's my fave. kishka and gravy all the way 
@jason_mesnick Going to see Molly?  
@jason_mesnick hi molly's mom! 
@jason_mraz  by the way im listening u and i both and then sleep all day!   sleep all day just make me smile!!!
@jason_mraz  come to Latvia!  youpidue
@jason_mraz  I actually took responsibility everywhere this wknd. Blessed to have my friends and music. 
@jason_mraz absolute pleasure to have you here. Thanks for a brilliantly fun evening 
@jason_mraz http://twitpic.com/4iq19 - I loves me some popcorn 
@jason_mraz http://twitpic.com/6fs76 - Now we know why you wear a hat 
@jason_mraz i love the fact that people are essentially good  or i may be wrong haha
@jason_mraz I'd rather be loving,, but I can't help how I have to be right. It's hard. 
@jason_mraz JASON,  FREAKIN AMAZING PERFORMANCE IN MADISON!  And i loved ur glasses. Very Lovely Concert 
@jason_mraz Jason, i completely loved the new post...Going Bananas !! super awesome  thanks for sharing !
@jason_mraz was Jason cross with you ? 
@jason_mraz Welcome home, guys. Enjoy your much-deserved break and see you this summer. 
@Jason_mraz will you marry me?!  Jk...I'm old enuf to be your mom but u inspire me to a better life 
@jason_mraz You look cute with this hat 
@jason_mraz, is this really you back in 1992 singing shower me with your love? http://bit.ly/aVF8p 
@Jason_Nott for you SUSHI hahahaha but since its still the morning how about pancakes or waffles 
@Jason_Pollock  I'm glad you meant it in a positive way.  Sometimes it's hard to gauge nuances in short written massages 
@Jason_Pollock  Welcome back Jason 
I feel so blessed to have two of the most amazing guys as my friends  You two are truly amazing!
I feel so complete right now. Heaven. 
I feel so dirty for saying this... But go nsw  actually screw it...smash each other like crazy (except pricey) haha
I feel so effin gay  and isa call me. . .its importanteh
I feel so good after getting pampered this evening 
I feel so happy, possibly high ! I love days like this, when one thing makes your whole day 
I smell of garlic all over - I love love love it!!  x
I smell so fresh, yeey. 
I smell so good 
i smile because i have no idea whats going on 
I snuck a visit to see Redgie after grad practice  Cypresswood Lakes is so close to Spring!
i so appreciate http://biblegateway.com great free resource 
I so don't understand what I'm supposed to do on Twitter but here I go    http://twitpic.com/2yf99
I so excited to see him! 
I so just fell in love with all three three of the Jonas Brothers!  
I so love my Twitter backgrd 
I so passed History 
I so wanna go to the Super Estrella Reventon! Ahahaha 
I feel so Martha Stewart-y today. 
I feel so much better  And it's sunny outside which also makes things better.
I feel so much better today!!!  I hope this day is a great one.
i feel so productive today. good! 
I feel so proud of myself... I get the trick!!!! like 12 hours later hahahahah but nonetheless 
i feel so silly today..maybe cuz its friday 
i feel so stupid, jumping on the rocks!! (8) route 66- itzel and me 
I feel so tired again. Grrrrr.  Oh,@Salamahafifi, good luck with all your mock exams! 
I feel so tired, ! XD I fell in love with Sandy on MTV .- &quot; just dance &quot; best song ever.! and Happy Birthday Daii 
I Feel So Used Then They Wonder Why I'm Such A Cold Hearted Bitch.... Yay My Muchking Is Here I Missed My Nenos He's Titi's Favorite Baby 
I think I called @whatadam a cunt at least four or five times today. 
i think i came http://snurl.com/g70d4 
I think I can finally come close to sleep now.... i've been awake for about 24 hours  Nite nite all! 
I think i can proudly say...that i am.....cool.  at least my mom says i'm cool.
I think I could get use to tweeting  ...there's usually so much on my mind...and im not usually able to voice it, so why not here??
I think I deserve it after such a stressful day 
I think i deserve some sleep after today  good night!
I think i did good tests, thanks God  ps3 now, bye
I think I enjoy cartoons more now than I did when I was little. Remember Chilly Willy?! Ahh...nostalgia- good times! 
i think i failed my socials, Science test ....  OHWELL.
i think i get it now! time to actually start getting in touch with people on here 
I think I gotta check out my Name Numerology  hmm............!
i sold 2 more sakura sets  now i can sleep..
I sold my ezine subscriber list; I am starting over! 
i sooo love ramiele's new song. &quot;KAYA&quot;  she knows how to speak ilocano FLUENTLY. that's incredible! i only know &quot;anu nagan mo&quot;. haha. )
i sooo wanna get the sims 3! 
I SOOOO JUST DID IT AND IM SOOO EFFIN EXCITED I WILL CRY IF THEY ACCEPT ME  OMG SARAH ILY AND I LOVE DEMETRIA DEVONNE LOVATO!!!!
I soooo loved my lie in.  and I get another tomorrow! I'm loving this bank holiday !
I think I have a blister on the bottom of my big toe...but I love these heels so I'm gonna muscle thru it 
I think I have a boil in my hand from opening too many hard Coke bottles. Time to cut down? 
i think i have a crush on lady ga ga.... shes so sexy 
i think i have fallen in love... with LG gd900 crystal... 
I think I have favour with trchs, they all let me go off class earlier! And taht means I can go to church!  OHYES!!!
I think i have first 
i think i have found the advantage of going to sleep after the sun has raised - there are no mosquitoes to be fought 
I think I have magical powers. Whenever I randomly download an app at the BOTTOM of the store, it's in the top 50 within 48 hours! 
I sooooooooo wanna watch UP tonight with @Jermz24!! Get movie tix hun and lets call it a date 
I spend far too much time thinking about Otherland I need a praying mantis macro for the torture of a friend. Deliver please. 
I spend more than a minute or so writing a single tweet, is that normal? :S #weird #ineedhelp 
I spent 2 hours today crafting The Best of Etsy which will be in Indie Fixx next week. So y'all better tune in. It's THAT good. 
i spent almost ten minutes trying to find the color box's with the arrow above em!!! lol why did i rearrange evreything!!! 
I spent most of the day doing nothing!! It felt great  mama brought me pollo loco and now I'm so full I can take a nap.. I'm so lazy
I spent my weekend reading Jane Eyre. Almost done 
I spent the weekend in Dubai... streets and restaurants are empty! waiters say it keeps going worse! I had fun though 
I spent two hours teaching a stuffed duck how to play checkers and other assorted games. Ah. The joys of having a young niece. 
I think I have took way to many sims 3 screenshots(115). And I already started brainstorming for a book! 
I think I just assassinated @kyleplacy #spymaster 
I think i just broke the internal conflict meter. Someone, please kill me now. 
i think i just like the word 'fuck' fuckity fuckity fuck 
i think i just may slice my leg off. 
i think i just might be done twittering about #familyfore5...what do you think?...nah 
I think I just need a trim 
I think I know what I am doing now. Of course, not like my brother.  Where are you Ben? I need my first follower.
I think I know where you belong.. I think I know it's with me 
I think i learn to expand my mind with each day, I'm really liking this. Sweet dreams! 
I think I like Basketband band. Chilly song when rain drops 
i think i like the workshop 
i think i look cute 
I think I lost 10 lbs of emotional weight! Thank you! You know who you are 
I think i love mls... Or jungberg at least  he is the nw david beckham
I think i made crusade sound bad, i do in fact enjoy doing it, i was just mad about having to cancel plans. Now im playing wii 
I feel so well rested  FINALLY.
I feel something coming. I'll ink tomorrow.  lets try to get some ZzZz's
I feel somewhat better today, but still not 100%.  Going shopping today, and doing some tourist stuff with my aunt 
I feel squeaky clean 
I feel tall next to my 6'4&quot; dad...cuz today i am 6' tall 
I feel that due to the fact i have maths and DT tomorrow, i really should actually do some proper revision. Off outside. SUN! 
I feel that I should warn the world that I am feeling really quite good about myself. I am sexy and pretty much bad ass and unstoppable. 
I spy Scharff on SNL 
i srsly loveee @amberkissesx3 so muchh &lt;3  she ROCKS the hell out of your socks.
I stand corrected, they were playing two player. Not dueling... 
I start my internship with SpaceX today. I'm excited 
i start my training at hospital radio on may 10th! eeeeee!! look out radio 1, here i come 
I start on Monday!! 
I start work at the showroom early today &amp; I have errands to do. So talk to you all later gators. Enjoy your Friday!! Lots of smiles  xo
I started a Music Blog  http://bit.ly/8T0v8
I started reading &quot;The Essential Blender&quot; after recently finishing &quot;How to Do Everything: Facebook Applications&quot;. What could I be up to? 
i started watching friends from season 1 again last week haha. i made it to disc three of season 2 so far. 
I started with the tweets without saying good morning!!! hehehe... I wish you all have a kickass week 
I think I may be a bit too liberal with the &quot;love&quot; button on last.fm. 
I think I may be falling for his smile 
I think I may have accomplished something.  
I think I may have done quite well on my maths exam!!!! 
i think i may have dreamt about Nick Jonas last night. It was a good dream  
I think I may have fixed my internet issue...possibly. For now, anyway. 
I think I may just be bitter because I absolutely loved Brokeback Mountain and when you say you liked some other movie(
i think i may just be in love with stereo skyline 
I think I might do an update, I'm in that kind of mood 
I staying pretty late last night, listening to a live (to tape) Prince concert on the radio. It was well worth the lack of sleep. 
I still can't believe twitter is in the show so much haha I love it! too funny! 
I still cant get over last night :O 
I still can't get over Theremin cat: http://bit.ly/vQacm   
I still didn't copy the calendars -.- I willl definitely fail 
i still don't get how to operate twitter, help please!    just so everyone knows, it's SUNNY and HOT out 
i think i might go in the sun if it comes out from behind the clouds 
i think i might go to bed now. super Tuesday tomorrow  that means no classes . any way. good night uber cool followers xD.
I think i might have a tan! I love the sun 
I think I might have to go play more Frogger....or watch 120 minutes on MTV2 - yeah, those did not give away my age 
i think i might just be the next nobel prize winner. follow me 
I think I might just finish watching my programe than go off to bed! im tired, and I have a longgg day tomorrow! seeing vicky whaoo  
I think I might make eggs... I'm hungry!  hehe midnight eggs! Someone should write a book about it!! 
I think I might sew a dress today. No pattern, because THAT is how I roll. 
I think I might watch final destination  hehe
i think i mioght go to bed...or mayb eat something ahaha hmmmm foood sounds good right now 
I think i must of been pretty much all round coventry 
I think I need a new cellphone.   oh well. haha.
I think I need a new cellphone. AGAIN?? oh well. 
I think I need an Akai Headrush. Who's got one?? ...give ya $100. 
I think i need some social life. Available for drinks starting with tomorrow. 
I still feel this way  ? http://blip.fm/~60v8q
I still have my Sega Genesis's LOL  &amp; they all work! Yes! They don't make game systems like they used too! LOL 
I still have one last paper to pass for tomorrow! Aja! 
I still love MISSION IMPOSSIBLE even if it did make me fall and get 10.9 in " gym class "(
I still love my b'loon but these speakers kick ASS! JBL Control 2P Professional FTW 
I still luv my HAWKS! I aint no fair weather fan! I'm ride or die 4 mine!! 
I still need two former friends then I'm going on &quot;lock down&quot;! 
i still really really love the tattoo on my wrist. it makes me happy everytime i see it. 
i still remember the way that you touch me 
i think i need to go for a shower now 
I think I post too much... Yeah, I think so. Haha! 
I think I pwned SATs  And I got a free ice cream at Friendly's!
i think i ruined a few photos from my first (highly experimental) roll of film. hmm. taking my camera to the farmers market today 
I think I shall sneek down stairs and get a pop tart....pop tarts are yummy 
i think i should get the twitter app on my iphone, then i can update more often and people can continue to not read 
I stole buckeyes from shop today, and I made a paddle for my dads girlfriends kids, its 2 in thick oak  its spoused to be a cutting board
I stop by tha church n c Eelder E n Pastor  Elder E jus might convince me 2 comeout 2 church n Pastor gave me a great compliment
I stopped drinking soda in an attempt to get healither... I haven't had a drop of soda in a week! Good for me 
I studied 3 hours for chem and 1 hour for global and I have global essay 1st period and chem 2nd &amp; 3rd ill post my grades after vacation 
I successfully made it to the airport with no problems 
i successfully sewed a new romper!    i fill artistic again.
i suck at this whole twitter thing. 
I think I should get up and get ready for bed now...my head still hurts...I think I wanna get my massage and pedi done tomorrow 
I think I should go to sleep...tiger army makes me relax 
i think i should plan my sunday too 
I think I should put this on my lawn: Google Maps Marker Carpet  http://ff2.me/hu
I think I should start twittering again!  Need to figure out how to sync this to my FB 
i think i shouldn't have eaten too much ice cream. nah! i loved it anyway. gotta stretch meself some more. 
I think i suck at what i do but they demand so i keep supplyin 
I think I topped his. And yes, before anybody says it, growing up in the 90's was SCARY. I'm living proof.  Damaged girl going to bed.
I think I traumatized the parakeet now. 
I think I understand why people don't walk around LA now. It's not because it's spread out; it's cause it's so f'ugly! 
I think I wanna go out Wednesday evening (most likely after work)...hit me up if you wanna roll with me 
I think I want pound cake tonight. 
I think I want to take a walk tonight :: maybe this is possible?  
I think I went well in my 2 exams today  yay!
I think I will not go back again..I can but not now..Maybe later..Anyway, just follow me if you want .. ?&amp;?~Shane_Archuleta..muahh!!! 
I suggest Body Shop's seaweed ionic clay mask! Skin feels great afterwards 
i suggest u this.. 
I suggest we have an #unfollow #monday on twitter, a day to cleanup your twitter timeline 
I super duper love my family!  http://freeflashtoys.com/Pj53
i super love Loosh! 
I suppose I am now officially one of the Literati.  Does that give me smart points?
I suppose I should quit torturing myself &amp; head to bed!    Good night, all!
I suppose I should update more 
I suppose I'll work a bit as well, since my bosses would probably appreciate that.  But doesn't seem nearly as fun.  
I suppose it is bed time. Ps. I'm obsessed with those JoBros again. 
I sure do hope Julian comes over tomorrow because he doesn't smell funny like my dog does and also heee is a nice person. 
I sure do LOVE my friends 
I sure do wish my mind could enter that box called &quot;nothing&quot; that men have.  My brain just won't go there... and it's exhausting.  
I sure have a lot of woman following me 
I sure wish @menardsguy1896 would stop direct messaging me every time he goes to the washroom.  
I think i would do courtney lee w/his mask on 
I think IÂ´m going to dye my hair light blond 
i think iÂ´m like .. melting . its so freakin hot outside ! But why should i complain ? 
I think if I wasn't 'into' fashion I would probably get a grade higher on at least a couple of my exams..I think I prefer it this way tho 
I think I'll add one last one. Sasha Grey. 
I think I'll be taking the rest of the day off! The birds are tweeting and the sun is shining 
I think I'll consider skateboarding 
I think I'll get my &quot;treat&quot;... Would be cool to bring to Korea to try out eh 
I think I'll have a jonas rave befor school  LVATT day!!!!!!! Woop woop!!!!! 
I Think I'll head to bed - Night Twitter!  Don't Let The Bed Bugs Bite!! 
I think I'll marry any guy with an accent. seriously. any accent. Italian. British. anything. guys with accents are like auto 90% hotter! 
I think I'll sleep now. good night. cheeses! :* HADUGIHAUSIG it sounds better in portuguese, definitely. 
I think I'll take a nap...going to a friend's baby shower tonight, so I must be rested/perky in order to chat with everyone!  
I think I'll work from home today 
I think I'm actually waiting for 'someone' to discover me out here ;) 
I survived History! And it was okay, nice questions and finished in time. I am unbelievably happy. 
I survived the dentist! 
I survived the Pinkpop-RockamRing combo - 6days of crazy festival fun in 9days. Everything hurts. Need rest, silence and non-junkfood now 
I survived the stupid family party 
I suspect that a lot of people here choose people to follow simply as a marketing opportunity. When there isnt reciprocation they stop. 
I swag when I surffffff!!!!!!!!   (via @MeGaBoAsT)...I didn't know u surf 
I swam in the beach and played on the playgroung with my cousins. 
I sware my sons G-Ma is soooo effin phony....I can't stand that bitch...ne way at lil mans game  lol
I swear being to walk to Figo from my spot is beyond amazing!!!! Awwwww 
I swear I want one of those LIFE'S GOOD braclets!!  â™¥
i swear i was perfectly normal till i met those losers i call my best mates. 
I swear I'm going paranoid - Rachel entered my room and I thought it was my grandma and quickly pulled earplugs out! Haha 
I swear I'm in the phone a lot but how do people tweet 30+ times a day? It's not bad, I just think I'm too ADD to have the dedication 
i think im addicted to these traffic light ice lollies  sugar helps me study!
I think im crushing  
I think i'm getting burnt out here, it's so nice 
I think I'm getting the hang of Twitter! 
i swear im not a creep ...#andyclemmensen #andyclemmensen #andyclemmensen #andyclemmensen #andyclemmensen #andyclemmensen 
i swear im not lying for her again! its not my problem and to be honest shes taking the mick now! MORNING ALL  X
I swear my clothes are never ending ugg I hate unpacking... But sop happy to be home 
i swear my itunes knows what mood im in. its playing exactly the right songs 
I swear that I could live on chamomile tea and cake. 
I SWEAR THAT I DON'T HAVE A GUN, NO I DON'T HAVE A GUN! ... McFly should do an unplugged show. That would be nice 
I swear to you the only reason I'm excited for my birthday is because of Erik. I'm so lucky to have him. SO freaking lucky 
i swear, i still cannot get over @TomFelton 's hair. off to add to more verses to my Hey There (Delilah) TomFelton song. AHIHI 
i swear, the taxi person said as they picked up the fone, '..yeah stabbed him in the face HELLO TAXI!' i crapped myself 
I swear. I hear Kris Allen everywhere now. 
i swear... my dog's a sweetheart and i love him so much for that!  thanks for making me feel better Bu! 
i swear...the drugs are messing with my head...(and for laina's benefit) i mean more than usual 
i swearr, i want an HD cameraa. like i soooo can't wait to vlog on the treeenaa account 
i swim in coffee and had a cosmopolitan on the table o.O xD @rosaliestar oh thats badly :S ...get well soon! 
i tackle revision.. with.. precision. 
I tagged myself as a tiger on Myspace  RAWRRRR!!
I take back all the motivation block. I motivated myself and just go done doing about a light 20 min workout. Got to start easy.  YAY!
I take back what i said hahaha. He's cool i guess . Movies in a few hrs. can't wait 
i think im going to a red carpet event @ butter in nyc tomorrow  looks like the weekdays are better than the weekendS!
I think I'm going to be babysitting a bearded dragon  Anyone know if it's safe for a dragon to have a beard? with the fire &amp; all....
I think I'm going to bed now...today was a GREAT day 
I think I'm going to enjoy this summer 
i think im going to go &amp; wake my cousin up to make me breakfast 
i think i'm going to go recording shopping soon 
I think i'm going to go to sleep. I want to wake up early tomorrow and take advantage of every minute I'm given   goodnight everyone!
i think im going to have a nap now 
I think I'm going to like twitterfon pro 
I think I'm going to make me a spanish tortilla; Bringing me back to my roots. 
I think I'm going to reShred and start a new 30 days.  Today was Level 1, Day 1.  God I love being done with that workout.    #shredheads
I think I'm going to sleep early tonight, even though I'm WAY too happy to actually fell asleep haha  Sweet dreams everyone  #Niley
i think i'm going to stop blogging, playing facebook, updating twitter for the time being and concentrate on my studies 
I think Im going to take driving lessons. 
i think i'm going to the store to get BLT-making materials. it is now summer time again. 
i think i'm gonna bake...fire department is on speed dial already  hahah
I feel that.. I sing  but not a Lotta people know
I feel the need for some open road freedom. Going to hop on the scooter &amp; get some air. Later y'all 
I feel tired, but I'm happy~  I got to see my friends after a long while, after all. 
i feel tired...but feel waay 2 hot 2 go 2 sleep....LOL...oh wells...GUDNYTE EVERYONE 
I feel totally amazing. All thanks to a phone call 
I feel uplifted and encouraged  @MichaelTheGreek now, excuse me while I dominate school!!! 
i feel...so much better. Going to bed with happy thoughts. 
I fell asleep after reading Shopaholic takes Manhattan, it's quite a good book to read  http://plurk.com/p/xdh54
i fell asleep on iris's toilet this morning. not my proudest moment tehe 
i think i'm gonna go to bed  i'm very sleepy.
i think i'm gonna go to bed earlier tonight...night twitters! 
I think im gonna go. Hockey match soon and i wanna watch MTV Movie Awards  TOODLES TWEETS!
I think I'm gonna start watching sports now. (: all I need is a favorite team. Suggestions? 
I think im gonna stay in bed all day lol. gonna  send the video to @jessicaveronica @lisa_veronica tonight. 
i think im gonna watch gossip girl tomorrow... 
i think i'm gonna watch house right now   #squarespace
I think im gunna die lol  @agentmuffin says hi 
i think im in a good place... and i like that... 
I THINK i'm off for the night.  Good night everyone!
I take it all back - I really am a Klezmer expert!  It's just a shame that I'm unlikely to turn into a Germany or Fugue expert by Monday..
i take you to the candy shop... 
i talked to captain crotch today  ahahah
I talked with her.... Now we are friends again! yeah!  I'm so happy 
I Taught Myself How to Grow Old--ahhh! megan_cox, you get me! 
I tell u we shared tears , laughter n grew a few wrinkles from smiling way 2 much  Mahalo Mahea I'm already missing u  thanks 4 ever ...
I tell you I was interviewed on camera yesterday? There was a production crew on Mich. Ave. - we talked, I got on camera. Wore my shades. 
I tell you something, I think you'll understand when I say that somethin. I wanna hold your haaaand.  -The Beatles&lt;3
I thank @alexalltime low for introducing #Fridaynightboys to me, they're amazing. I love &quot;That's what she said&quot; Truly an amazing song! 
i thank @thisisryanros , @amazondotjon , @brendonuriesays , and @TheSpencerSmith because they brought me and @saharlestrange closer 
I thank God that i'm here today. 
I thank The Lord for cool when I am too warm, for food when I am hungry, water when I thirst, and crochet when I feel fidgety. 
i think #alltimeblow should trend. 
i think #Amazon could organized their API developer section so it is easier to find how to do things 
I think #Niley is back    soooo happy because of this !
I think @bcockerham81 is one of the coolest guys alive and a really dope bass player.. hope i get to be in his country music group lol 
i think @DeAnn told me this once LOL  J/k  ? http://blip.fm/~6i0pi
I think @econsultancy has just been confused with the @iabuk 
I think @Houndour just needs more hugs too! 
I think im out for the night? xooxoxox 
i think im slowwly gettin addicted to facebook  im such a book face !  lol wtf  much ?
I think I'm the only one who hasn't seen Up. Someone should take me! 
i think im the only person that doesnt like family guy. im going to nap now 
i think im turning evil, yay i can get black wings   [XIII]
i think im un grounded tommarrow aftee skool 
i think ima get in trouble wen my mom finds out i used the internet on my fone..eeekk!! its koo..bring it on, im ready for it 
i think ima have a shower than have a nap and see how long i can stay up watching movies tonight  this week has gone so fast....
I think ima have to sign out now. Download's finished plus lotsa things to do. Gluck to D on the Mr. Twitter thingy. I'm voting. 
i think ima try and go to sleep again... Nighty night... or morning!!!!!!!!!! 
I think imma catch a movie tonight  that's always fun
I think Imma gonna grab the Keri Hilson Album. This is a great song.  http://tinyurl.com/ove3aq
i think it another pimm's day 
i think it is time to go in my room. &amp; have a little old school Jonas listening partyy. 
I think it may be time for some really dirty songs from Nickelback lol 
i felt haunted.....&amp;hungry *at d'same tym :p* but its ok, dad'll come w/sum food! yippie! me late night dinner'll arrive :&quot;&gt; 
i felt like i was five again last night for sleeping with my blanket over my ear and my hand on top of that to stop the thunder 
I figured I should get this name while it's free.  If I become famous or something, I can't have any impersonators out there, you know? 
I figured out that I have twitter -- by getting an email that said I was being followed.. 
I think it should be a good night  So far it is 
I think it was one of those nights where I woke up having no idea what day it was. What a delight to found out the answer 
i think it'd be best if i avoided any communication with my fam and just go to sleep.  i hate these little moods i get GN
i think itd be rather cool to have a big brother as well as a little brother.. i want a big brother 
I think it's about time for a spontaneous trip home to visit my amazing family  Getting ready, packing up, then heading out!
i think it's adorable how they keep pets of the orphaned jungle animals  everything from exotic birds to baby monkeys!
I think its cute my mom still waits up for me when I go out eventhoough I've spent 2 yrs out of the house. &lt;3 my mama 
I think its decreased to 1 degree. Brrr! Thankfully, I stole mums possum fur ugg boots and they are sooo warm!! Its great 
I think it's funny when my cat IMMEDIATELY washes where I just petted her. I must be filthy 
I think it's going to be a pretty day 
i think it's going to rain... but i don't care, i'll go to the gym 
I think it's my male PMT week, feeling very knocky, tired and emotional. But it will pass 
I think it's not only like attracts like, but also heart attracts heart 
i think it's obvious that the uk fans are the best people in the whole world. who agrees?  @tommcfly @dougiemcfly @dannymcfly @mcflyharry
I think it's safe for me to tweet again. I was keepin' my mouth shut during the games. 
I think it's safe to say the raisins taste like raisins. 
I think its the hardest day at school so far,but it went so good! I got A in both lectures,and the exam went good 
i think its time for a double decker yogo 
i think its time for a goodnights sleep!!!!!! yes that would be lovely! 
i think its time for a myspace eedit.. i just ceebs doing it.. besides i am writing my diary for amelia 
I think its time for a snack  Then to get day 7 sent out... oh the procrastination
I think its time for some sims. I've got time to spare anyway 
I think it's time to get more music for my library 
I think it's time to go soak in a hot tub again. Nothing soothes the aching bath like a hot bath and Soma 
I think its time to head home and maybe take a dip in the pool 
I think it's time to start judging. 
I think it's time to stop the Life Coach thing Apparently a LOT of you didn't get that I was joking. 
I think it's time to take a shower &amp; get ready for the dayy.  I hope we go shopping while we're in Mason today. I want new clothes!! 
I think I've decided to get my tattoo done at www.BaltimoreTattooMuseum.net. This way I can be educated about tattoos at the same time 
i think i've got a tann 
i think i've gotten better at driving 
I think I've had the best birthday weekend ever; full of friends, parties, &amp; no sleep. I am content &amp; ready for bed. 
I think I've hit my BS daily allowance limit 
I think @LLiu is going for a tweet record today.... 
I think @yon_quine_ should put the photos from cooks' party on bebo, because they amuse ashleigh.. 
I think a few of my songs are pretty good  Maybe 
i think a mouse just dies under our oven.. we have talon under there, and i heard it squeaking in pain.. R.I.P mouse. 
I think a need a phone buddy. Is that a retarded thing to want? lol Just someone to convers with as I go thru-out my day. 
I think a Twitter Road Trip is in order! Load 'em up and head away from civilization. We can all Tweet in person. 
i think after watching replay of last night's BGT that aidan davis is going to just clinch it but it'll be close between 4-5 acts i think 
I think alex is fine, he just sang with fob 
I think Alexa stole the Detox Snuggie!! Sierra, my finger's pointing at YOU!!!   
I think all these fan girls need to realize that Robert Pattinson has hair made of cat throw up. He's not hot at all. 
I think amazeballs is my new word of the week 
I think anteaters get a bad wrap. Who cares if they are always eating, sleeping and are apparently not very smart. I think they are cute. 
i film the end of the tv show i'm in came thru if you want  201 50th aveLong island city, ny 111014th floor deck7 train to vernon jackson.
I finally added my pic to my profile...  please don't be scared 
I finally did the big jog all the way through without stopping. Even the up-hill bits.  I stopped once for a car, but that doesn't count.
I finally finished all of my bugs!  http://bit.ly/ZcJSI
I finally finished getting all the junk out of the store room in college. Finally im free 
i finally finished that essay ive been putting off for three weeks. 
i finally finished the concert and the sun's up! HELLO AND GOOD MORNING WORLD!  I'm going to sleep so GOODNIGHT and SWEET DREAMS! (:
i FINALLY finished the sun!! yayy!   now to the sea... http://yfrog.com/0yikcj
i finally found an artist with talent from wisconsin!!! Stephen Jerzak.  he's awesome 
i finally get this whole.. twitter thing. horrah! 
I finally got a twitter  Now to go to bed work @ 5am -_-
I FINALLY GOT AN IPOD TOUCH 
I finally got dressed. 
i finally got my copy of @mitchelmusso's album! 
i finally got my hands on regina spekor's new album and it's beautiful 
I finally got my ipod touch! 
i finally got my new foneee! 
I finally got my own iHome!!  hahah
I finally got my Tokio Hotel H&amp;M FAA shirt! 
i finally got the respect &amp; honor i deserve...couldn't be any happier right now! 
I finally got the Sims 3!!! Installed and ready to play as soon as I get off work 
I finally got those 10 hours of sleep I've been wishin for 
I finally got twitterberry back on my phone 
I finally have a break from the studio. Here @ the lake about to get some sun and a whole lot of &quot; me time&quot; 
I finally have time to do some BA work today.  I at least have a few hours without meetings.  
I think I've never been *this* active on Twitter. Viva la tweet! 
I think James Shields should be a Sportschix whisperer!  But, that's just me.    ok, Rays fan.....ni night.
i think jess should wake up now. might go jump on her to wake her up. yes, that sounds like a plan 
I think Minzy's hair is a bit weird. But i do LOVE her dance !! 
I think more people would buy the Slap chop, if the commercial was like this: http://bit.ly/vQIUf 
I think my birthday is now in FOUR DAYS. 
I THINK BAI QUAN NU WANG IS NICE 
I think Big 10 rivalry def increases the farther away you get from the schools 
I think Conan will do just fine 
I think d Sky sports camera man has a crush on Lee Byrne too! Camera always on him when ball not in play!! 
I think Duffy actually s a really good singer. 
I think emilie is good woman. But,i dunno for sure.I think rob will always choose his phone if they have break. 
I think even my armpits are sunburnt. but @littlecow12, there is online Fluxx if you'd like the link....  Thanks for playing today!!
I think even pessimists would get a kick (or perhaps punch) out of this shirt.  http://tinyurl.com/osor7q
i think everyone should buy ea sports active! its amaing! 
I think everyone should go make someone feel special. 
i think EVERYONE shud tell their secrets lik bout who they lik since scools over 
I think food is way over priced if they lowered the prices they would sell more food,and more people would be able to eat.  
I think for my Bday I am going to The Magic Castle  I got a invite
I think 'Ghost Nappa' should get to Number One.  
I think having a teacher as a textmate is weird. Oh well...  its just Herrera 
I think he should go back to Lord North!!  Don't mind what Dad says 
I think he's gonna be a soccer player like his Mommy 
I think my cousin Hannah is even more awesome now I have listened to the CDs!  Flo Rida + Lady Gaga = Pure Genius 
I think my mom is hiding a birthday present from me.  ???
I think my mouse might need replacing  http://bit.ly/JY4a7
i think my patient button needs to be rebooted.  Or I need to whip/spank someone.  
i think i  made it at SSMGC !!!!!!!  
i think i already found my few favorite SYTYCD contestants 
I think I am addicted to Seaweed Peanut Crackers - they are so so yummy!! 
i think i am getting the hang of this twitter bizniz! now i just need an army of followers 
I think I am going to call it a night an go to bed. Night night evry1...  sweet dreams! Xoxo
I think I am going to play Lego Batman on the Wii 
I think I am off to bed or to watch some TV..! good night people! n' sorry for not tweeting dat much today!  kisses! mwaaah! &lt;3
I think i am slighty crazy. . . But just eager 
I think I am sticking with TweetDeck ... just can't get comfy with Seeismic even 'tho its a cute app.  Just finished running a workshop 
I think my story is going to take place in Brittany, France.  I am Welsh after all.   And yes, there is a correlation there.
I think my twitter went through a spam cleaner. lost 7 followers but no more spam. that's great. I'm happy. 
i think New Moon and Harry Potter &amp; the HBP will have a big competition this year (hp was allways my fav 
i think New Moon should come out like tomorrrow 
I think Nick and I are going to see Up tomorrow. I can't wait. I really enjoy being around him 
i think noodles are staple food 
I think not.  Its better. Much much
I think of things I want in life - I manifest. 
I think one of my hard drives just took a dump... Good thing I got like 10 more!!! 
i think i can go to school today 
I think I deserve Chipotle on a lazy day like this 
I think I did enough comic books for 2 lifetimes, LOL! Not to say I will do more. Cause I will! Wait till you see new Antarctic specials! 
I think I do have a cold, but the sunshine will make it feel better 
I think I do too much for everyone else and not enough for myself. I'm going to start being as selfish as everyone else. 
I think I enjoyed that history exam too much :3 going to fish &amp; chip shop with Jodie Kati Jorja &amp; catherine 
i think i fell in love 
i think i figured out what i'm going to do for my photography assignment 
I think I finally fixed the design on my Twitter page...I'm kinda happy about it...it's loud, but I like it.  
I think I found a de-stresser.  Pop the bubblewrap online. It even sounds good and satisfying.http://tinyurl.com/gpzf
I think I found an APT!!! YAY! Looked across the street and *shining light* there was a day care! that had to be a sign from God  excited!
I think I found it 
i think i found my dream home 
I think I got a bit too much sun today. My niece today as we were playing in the ocean said &quot;Life is great!&quot; So cute...and true 
I think I got a little tan today at the park!! 
I think SA1SA5 went well  - cant say anymore though as discussed in @shirleyearley 's blog post http://bit.ly/gUbqt
i think selena gomez, miley cyrus, demi lovato &amp; the jonas brothers are very talented &amp; i love what they do ! 
i think she knows it 
i think she should safd...  yup. so she can choke
I think Shelby Ellis is great 
I think she's a class act so here it is  http://bit.ly/zQquN
I think some major relaxation is in order tonight. Staying in, keeping warm and fading out 
I think someone finally told england that it's June. Another nice day in the city 
I think someone on the TV is singing Irreplaceable... 
i think swims getting me high again 
I think Texas just started working out for me... 
I think that @annieskindacool should be doing dirty jobs like us instead of watching it. Lol. Jk! But yeah im up at the church! 
i think that @mileycyrus &amp; @ddlovato &amp; @selenagomez should make a movie together. It would be really neat. Ya'll think about it. 
i think that @mileycyrus and nick jonas should back together 
I think that @misskatiekay is awesome 
i think that everyone should download Twhirl .. cause its better than normal twitter 
I think that I am a gg expert  xo
I think that if The Apprentice winner is &quot;Britains brightest business individuals&quot;, then we are all in serious trouble 
I think that it's about time for bed. Goodnight Twitter-people! 
I think that London 
I think that music has an endless life.. 
I think that Nako is the coolest!!! 
I think that part time work is just ok. It depends on who you get to work with!   beautiful day here in chicago!
I think that school sucks... Until we get a 3 day weekend! Woop woop! 
i think that the idea of making more cupcake soaps at 11:40pm is probably insane....so i shall wait     i just love making them!
I think that the rain may have subsided at least for a little while Bethy McGaha 
I think that Theaterhopper would make an interesting film. 
i think that twillight was bad, new moon is going to be better 
I think that we all become an artist the moment we start to express ourselves, no matter what tool we use to do it. ;) It really is fun! 
I think that's all 
I think the abbreviation for 2010 -&gt; e.g. 1.6.10 ... looks weird  Am I the only one who thinks like that?!
I think the answer to the tapir vs robot slave dilemma is whether you can house train a tapir. Shall research this 
i think the best part of miami is the beach...so relaxing 
I think the computer is fixed. Cross fingers 
I think i grew 
I think I had too good a time on vacation. The alarm went off this morning and I was genuinely confused why. 
i think i have a thing for people that practice martial arts...it's totally hot! 
I think I have another blog post planned!  Maybe makin a website aint too far out of reach then. [http://acidandchocolate.wordpress.com]
I think i have finally fixed my tv signal problem  for some reason moving my computer 20cm out solves it
I think I have stones again. I'm in extreme pain. Oh btw @soridicuLES I loved how you signed my yearbook it was real sweet. Love yaa! 
I think I hurt Grooveshark autoplay's head. It's jumping back and forth between video game/OST and hip-hop. 
I think I just caught up on about 2 years worth of sleep! Feeling fresh 
I think I just invented carrot spaghetti.  I part carrot, peel till you can pass it off as spaghetti 
i think i just met the guy of my dreams 
I think I just opened too many tabs.... 
i think i know the definition of good sex =/....yeeesh! brb 
i think i left all my fingers and toes on the hockey field - so cold @aamybaaby JA scored   ahah ;)
I think I like him I've never felt like this towards a person before 
I think I like oatmeal 
I think I lost a couple followers after speaking about my Southern family's incestuous history... Window lickers. 
i think i love friendly fires. there tour videocast is so funny, looking forward to seeing them next tuesday yay 
I think I may be the only one here not drunk or high. (Or both.) I think I'm proud of myself. 
I think I may want to learn to play piano because of @BenjaminFolds, not that I could ever be that awesome 
I think I meant to say &quot;summer vacation before SUMMER VACATION!!!&quot;  you are real Hawaiian girls, now u have a 2nd home there!
I think I met my first &quot;snob&quot; on twitter tonight. Too bad. Life goes on! 
I finally highlited my hair red 
I finally know how to play L4D!  Scary but fun haha!
I finally learned behind enemy lines on the guitar..then I broke a string..it's all good..... 
I finally learned the name of that librarian girl... she's pretty awesome actually.  
I finally reached my procrastination saturation point, and I'm really hammering into this paper. Hurray for minor personal victories 
I FINALLY REPLIED TO PEOPLE. so you'd better bloody love it darlings  xx
I FINALLY saw the preview for new moon. &amp;I'm freakin out! its a little different than the book but thats okay 
I FiNALLY SAW TRANSFORMERS...LMFAO I ONLY SAW iT BECAUSE I WANTED 2 SEE THE 2ND ONE, AND DIDN'T WANA BE LOST... 
I finally sent off ANOTHER draft of the GKWC newsletter for review.  Hopefully there won't be too many errors to correct!  
I finally shed my winter coat  
I finally slept late  Woooooooooooh !!!!
I finally started to get follower notifications again. Have no idea who started following me over the past 2 months. Nice. 
I finally took a 2hour nap  yayyy
I find it funny that since I work weekends and am off weekdays the weekend has an entirely different meaning for me... 
I find it quite funny that the spymaster game has problems with secret folks stealing money by hacking the system 
I Find that Bring Me The Horizon is the most soothing sleep music. Agree, yes?  I looooves me some Oli Sykes. Night world.
i find that hilarious 
I find this tune to be very sexy. Smooth... have a lovely day  ? http://blip.fm/~5yzb6
I finished drawing the street. Came out really niceee 
I finished my civil war thingy write noww  all nighter with my cousin we made 14 bracelets each&lt;3 and watcheeeed liikee threee movieees :]
I finished my song 'How it all started (a long time ago)', about the start of my band The Bruinsma Brothers. It turned out mind melting 
I finished my treasury  http://www.etsy.com/treasury_list_west.php?room_id=49527
i finished new moon  in 1 day all up. maybe less, im quite proud, now who wants to lend me eclipse haha
I finished the hat!  Hats make the world nicer  In the time I've been knitting the Clapotis, I could've knitted many hats... :-p
i finished with breaking dawn ... itï¿½s awesome ... stephenie meyer is a great author  ... bella &amp; edward forever 
i finished working  from now,im gonna hang out with my friends. i like to do that,and its gonna be fun!
i fixed my own car!!!!..well i checked my oil, wich there was none...so i added some!!! 
I fixed my own computer today. SO proud of what I can accomplish if I put my mind to it. 
I fixed my washing machine's broken pipe with duct tape  Mechanical skill +1  At least now I can get some washing done 
I fixed the problem about me being hungry... had pasta salad, spicy 
I fixed things with elise 
I follow @Bluenscottish because she finds the most disturbing pictures and links to share!   #FollowFriday
I follow @brian72975 ... cause us DFW Texans haf' to stick together!      #FollowFriday
I follow @CynthiaY29 because I like her , crooked nose and all! HAHAHA!  (she is beautiful just the way she is! ) #FollowFriday
i follow back! 
i follow him 
i followed you all 
i following people i dont know either but they are people with same interest as me, like the sp fans i following 
I for one have finally come to some conclusions that leave me breathing easier, they seemed harsh at the time, but they are also wiser. 
i forget how to do the follow friday thingy, can someone tell me N 140 thingy's please. sheesh Im getting old cant think or remember well 
I forget sthing. Yesterday we went ice-skating. It's summer and we were frozen! Wow! It was a great day! And there were cute boys too. 
I forget to keep track of my tweets. For my 2 to the 9th tweet: I am now a registered voter. 
i forgot how amazing most of paramore's demos are....DECOY!!! 
I forgot how dope Da Vinci Code is. 
I forgot how fun it is going to a friend's kondangan. The dressing up, make up, the eating, meeting friends. I feel so pretty tonight 
I forgot how good Moulin Rouge was. Ewan Macgregor makes me meltttt 
I forgot how good the songs from britannia high were 
i forgot how much i love painting my nails obnoxiously bright colors and singing obnoxiously loud to say anything music 
I forgot how Much I loved Brendan Urie. Hmm Gonna listen to alot of Panic riiight now 
I forgot how relaxing watching the ducks can be. Classic when grandma tries to get away from the geese 
I forgot how wonderful sunshine was...no more east coast clouds!  &lt;3
I forgot i already took my anatomy exam! No school tmrw either  Yippee! 13dayss.
I forgot i don't have work today! 
I forgot I have lumpia and pancit in my fridge from last night! Yay 
I forgot I made 20 dollars tonight! a;ldfjsad;lfj 
i forgot lots of people will be at school right now. we have a long weekends  back on tuesday xx
I forgot Metal Gear for Xbox! Today is a day of great announcements 
I forgot my DVD in my friend's car, but it's okay i have chicken pot pie and A Cinderella Story is on TV 
I forgot that day-time TV is crap. I'm stuck watching music channels...maybe I should watch Maury - I love that guy 
I forgot to tell you all, the front desk lady is a fan  lol. She asked me what I was in town for, cuz Im only here two nights
i forgot to twll yall i passed all my EXAMS!!!!!!! YAY YAY YAY   
i forgot what page i'm on in the manga i'm reading. it's a fail but i donwanna kill myself yet 
I forgot, Happy Mom's day. 
I found $20 on the ground at an intersection!  What a lucky day 
I found 1 friend!!!  YAY!!!!
I found 2 notes in my computer bag  Makes this trip way better. I don't understand how people with kids can travel on a regular basis. xo
i found a beautiful location for the workshop in greece   a perfect dream !
i found a box that has all of the stories i used to read when i was little in it  i missed them
I found a four leaf clover today.  
I found a great sale on designer sun glasses at J Crimi 10570 S Eastern Henderson 89052 702-243-3937 got half off on Dee Vice so cute too 
I found a loophole ; and made Ronald's weekend 
I found a new love in Singapore  TOPSHOP if u don't know familiarize urselves ladies. This went home with me today  http://bit.ly/N1mXK
I found a roommate! 
I think I might go back to sleep. After a few smokes, yeah, I think I will. Haha. To sleep or not to sleep? 
i think i might go for a walk today.... 
I think I might go spend a little cash tomorrow. 
I think I might go to bed.I love LUKE PRITCHARD!!!! I'll always love him. 
I think I might have killed my phone! FML! &quot;home&quot; alone with angie! Wont be back till Wed! Im tan already! I love mini vacations! 
I think I might have to after some nom noms 
i think i might lay out and read a book today.  contentment.
i think i might start a project for the boys 
I think I must be unwell: I'm feeling remarkably optimistic about the coming week.  Quick, send the nurse! 
I think i need a cappie in my life 
I think I need a day sans boyfriend or I'm gonna kill him. 
I think I need more followers!  Does anyone know how I could do that? Oh Youtube!  I have an account! I'll post it there! 
I think i need Starbucks  hehehehehe
I think I need to do more &quot;tweet while people watching&quot;, you all seemed to like it.. works for me the hotel lobby's are air conditioned 
i think i need to eat lunch...which i think (and KNOW) is vegetables... 
I found Jaede's lost rabies tag!! Thank goodness 
i found lloyd again! 
I found my favorite brush! I'm so happy! 
I found my friends! And my twin. And he gave me five dollars. 
I found my jeans thoug after like 3 months without them!  so all is well 
I found my lost pen after two weeks! Amazing! 
I found my motto: If you hit on my woman I will hit you 
I FOUND MY PHONE. WAHEY 
I found out about quickfreedom 3 days AFTER i had gotten my iPod. Which was March 14. Cause march 11 is my bday 
I found out an interesting tidbit of info last night. Ohhh karma how doth I love thee. Today is a GREAT day 
i found out i got 93 on my simulation hs entrance exam! 10 more and i'll be able to go to prepa2 
I found out some interesting information today. People are so strange. Movies and dinner tonight with besties 
I found out today that I get to fly to HK again.....weee  me so happy
I Found out: I'm an 8th Danish 8th Jewish German 8th German swish and an 8th Swedish/ 8th Spanish and 3/8th Mexican.  I think that's right
I found Roxy Music. Interesting band, now I'm gonna try all the cds and pick favorites. 
i found some  weeeee.
I found some old baby pictures of me in a box deep in my closet. Toddler-hood is great! 
I think I need to make a NEW PLAYLIST  haha. I'm sick of my old one XD
i think i need to sleep. good night tweeps  xx
I think I need to to take a break from drinking...at least until Tuesday that is!!! 
i think i need to update my &quot;tweets&quot; more often...according to some people 
I think i now know trigonometry. 
I think I shall remain 29 for the next 11 years. 
I think I should appear online more often. Here goes nothing 
I think I should be on @mtv's The City. I'm Just saying... right @oliviapalermo and @whitneyeve ? 
I think I should get some sleep.... so... Good Night!! 
I think I should go to sleep  Goodnight lovelies 
i think i should learn how to make love to somethin innocent w/o leavin my fingerprints 
I FOUND THEM  yayayayay.
I freaking love @taylorswift13. Can't wait for her show in chicagooo 
I freaking LOVE horror from the 70's/80's. Always cheers me up. 
i freaking love luixsana right now!!! 
I freaking love the beach 
i freaking LOVE this song, im glad others love it too  though my fav by her has to be Carrion or Sleep To Dream ? http://blip.fm/~68y1k
I fuccin loveeee @WillyNorthpole realtalk.... Body Marked Up was ma shit.. on repeat  Gotta Rep Ma Man From AZ!!
I fucken love my fam! had sucha blast @ my party! thanks everyone for coming 
I FUCKEN LOVE YOU TWITTERRR!!! FOLLOW ME 
I fucking did it!!! Hell yea I'm a neo now and my psis too 
I fucking love Alexander William Gaskarth 
i fucking love this weather and knowing how much it is destroying our 'courtyard' which is only making my dad angry and upset 
I think I understand 
I think I use too many smiley faces in my tweets  I'm gonna cut back today and save those precious little guys.
I think I wanna get the sims 3. I'm a big sucker for video games. I want them all! 
I think i want a blackberry type phone  pronto
I think I want to film a 'What's in my bag' vid. They look like fun. Or at least a post 
I think I was almost TOO productive today 
I think I will adjourn to the other room for some tea and visual entertainment.  I &lt;3 my home theater, such as it is.  
I think I will go to bed. Nite all. 
I think I will go to...Park Avenue today, maybe do some shopping. 
I think I will have far too much fun with my Tagline Rotator 
I think I will send a CV. 
I think I will teach a little of R33 and mix it with another Round this week!! Cant wait for @chalenejohnson to suprise us with R37!! 
I think I write my notes now in english and german-Ich fang jetzt gleich mal damit an 
i think if i didnt have music in my life id be a very sad girl, it helps me when i have a bad day &amp; makes a good day even better 
I think IFwe Everwent backto pc, it would not be a dell! 
I think I'll finish my English homework now. I'll do it outsides as the weather is very nice again. see you later 
I think I'll finish packing after rehearsal. Almost done 
i think ill go to bed now? wow, this is really earlyyy 
i think i'll got 600 tweets today *-* and don't kill me, please 
I think I'll just head to bed. Woke up on the wrong side, or maybe I woke up on the right side and everyone else woke up on the wrong. 
I gave a homeless lady named Ruby an Ice Cream sandwich and a cigarette.  That is my g00d deed for the day. :p
I gave all four of my dogs baths this morning 
i gave at the office all week, now time to enjoy restful sleep, and Ganny 
I gave blood today. Call 1-800-GIVE-LIFE to help. It's free! 
i gave bradie my nubmer in a msg. MAYBE HE'LL TXT ME 
I gave 'em a red pout, hair on top look and professionalism. But no cigar....here's to staying positive 
I gave it to the crackhead sitting in the booth behind me 
i get a lie in tomorrow. FINALLY! 
i get a new phone today!! woohoo 
i get all my lomo film back tomorrow  - call-me-steen: whatâ€™s lomo? its a type of camera, i have aÂ lomo... http://tumblr.com/xez1x5qit
I get amnesia when I'm standing next to you ooh ooh 
i get another pickle  wednesday!!!
I get done with my kickass 60 minute workout to find a fine mist of rain filling the air.  This will be an excellent weekend 
I get loads of joy from getting Re-tweeted... something Inconsequential I said actually meant something to someone. THANKS!! 
I get my FNB cd back AND $10 
I think i'll try defying gravity...and you can't pull me down 
I think I'll try going thrifty, and if it works that would be nifty.   &lt;3  *bang*bang*  A true gene jack's destiny.
I think I'll watch one of my favorite shows back then. 'Unfabulous'. Awesome show. I used to love it back then. 
I think I'm a big fan of Gambit now...Wolverine was amazing the second time, just like the first!  That Southern accent of Gambit's...hot 
I think I'm addicted to tattoos 
I think I'm allergic to work. The sneezing starts every time I start to work.... Only one solution.... stop working 
i think i'm done reinstalling everything... computer seems to be working better so far 
I Think I'm Fallin' In Love 
I get nostalgic listening to the old Pokemon music. 
I get off brand Pop Tarts today. 
I get super geeked @ new school supplies. Makes me sooo optimistic   http://twitpic.com/6unmd
I get the Best of Both Worlds....literally! lol 
i get to be peter pan at one of @megan_walters summer parties  i best start looking for costumes. SO EXCITED
I get to bring a pillow to all of my classes  yay english! But seriously. I really do.
I get to do some patterns today 
i get to go home in less than a week 
I get to go to the MTV studios today to see all of there equipment and get a tour! 
I get to meet Rachel's cheerleading friends tonight 
I get to put a Magic2010 card in my &quot;Champion Challenge&quot; profile for Pro Tour: Honolulu! 
I get to redesign mai room omgz!! Maroon + black plus dual screen MBP setup + Ikea study tables here I come! 
I get to relax and be myself at home or somewhere else 
I GET TO RIDE PONIES TODAY. ps. actually being friends with my roommate is a lot of fun  we're going out together more often in the future
i get to see @vitm todaay 
I get to see chris tomorrow     
I get to see Jacob 
I GET TO SEE KP TOMORROW! omg im a happy girl 
i get to see muh daddy today 
i get to see my 2 best friends tonight 
I get to see my babe tomorrow 
I get to see my baby tonight 
I get to see my BCE soon 
I GET TO SEE MY BEST FRIEND &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; BOYFRIEND TODAY!!! yayyyyyy! DOOT DA DOO LIFES GOOD!!!!! 
I GET TO SEE MY BIG BROTHER! YIPPPPPPEEEE! Im on top of the world 
i get to see my dog in 4 days! i literally cannot wait!! plus sunshine in spain! yahoo!! no idea how to get to the airport like! ah well! 
I get to see my friend Molly today! 
I get to see one of my favorite people next week. And Taking Back Sunday. Needless to say, I am excited 
i get to see the bestfriends today 
I get to sleep in for the first time in weeks... then off to the gym in the morning.  
i get to sleep in tomorrow...its Wednesday &amp; I get to sleep in..hee hee...hee..hahahahahah! 
I get to talk to my love again! 
I get to watch re-runs of this season's &quot;supernatural&quot;. I LOVE that show. I missed 99% of the season. Hooray for re-runs! 
I get to wear my championship shirt for the first time today! Yes I bought it over a week ago...2009 NCAA champions baby 
I get to work board 
i get told i look like justin from @preciousweapons at least 3 times a day... and thats not a bad thing 
I get woken up all the by Twitter! Oh well. @arewefading should wake me up next time 
I getting myself together for a nice ride to Redlands, Ca. 
I give in and buy something at cherry culture  It was not much thank god my orders are becoming smaller and smaller
I give pretty good advice if i do say so my self! 
I give up on trying to get #bradiewebb to number 1!  one more tho. #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb
i give up. goodnight 
i go ahead and smile 
I go away early today, My notebook definitively dies, Wednesday I take it to the technician 
i go harder than your average..tastier than your mama's ham sandwich...HAHAHA 
I go home (to $mere)tomorrow after work! 
i go night night in my feetie pajamas  H??l??:]:]
i go offline now. good nicght peeps .  don't wanna  go to school tomorrow . -.-' aww i hate it . ! xoxo'
I go shopping 
I go shopping with my aunt and my cousins 
I go sleepy now   good night
i go through too much bullshit to mess with this drunk and hot girl...haha listening to that Kanye 
I go to bed know.. itÂ´s already  late in germany 
i go to bed now and listen to the awesome song 'ring the bells i'm going out' von lee buddah. 
I go to New York tomorrow~  Let's not forget the cruise around Canada, either. 
I go to sleep, see you 
I good now 
i got &quot;you love peace&quot; again!  that is so not a fortune!  hmm...if i figure out what that means, i'll let you know 
i got (half) of my script  i have WAY to many lines ;_; ill try tho... yeah
I got 10 hours of sleep...ready to start my day! Getting ready for a test shoot at 11 with Wilhelmina 
I got 100 percent on my AP style quiz last week, woopwoop! I love it when I get good grades. 
i got 31 over 40 for Eng Oral.  still need improvements!
i got 50 followers thanks guy 
i got 7 new ... lovely fishes..! ... i need a new tank ... n yea name the fishes.. 
I got 780 in my first try for GMAT. I would love to share my experience in my later posts. 
i got 8 birds  and 2 quails. and one of the finches is so cool (: Cozii (:
I got 8:24 on my mile! 
I got a 109 on my trig/advanced algebra exam! Im a badd mutha shut yo mouth 
I got a 25% off coupon for Borders guess I might have to take a trip tonight to spend it. LOL. Just what I need another book 
I GOT A 5 AT MY TRYOUT EXAAAAAM 
I got a B (aka 5 in the norwegian grade system) on my math test    
I got a backlog of 3,000+ unread tweets in the last 3 days from just 20 ppl 
I got a bartending job at Paddock Lane!!! 
i got a bbq 2day nice hot day can not wait.  x
I Got A Big Ego Such A Huge Ego I Talk Like Dis Cuz I Can Back It Up  
i got a blackberry!! there soo cool lol 
i got a book about unsolved mysteries in American history 
i got a bruise on my leg ughh but GOd yeay, cant wait for church 
I got a chair at ikea. 
I got a cool new shirt from Zumez &amp; had Webdy's for dinner 
I got a date with @Exotic_Bella 
I got a dress for the dance! 
i got a fourtune the other day and it said&quot;IF YOU DON'T LIE YOU NEVER HAVE TO REMEMBER ANYTHING&quot; so true. 
I got a free crib today...what am I doin' now?...House Partyyyy!!!!  
I got a front row seat across from @chrispirillo!  #wordcamp
I got a furby for 50 cents! Man its soooo annoying! 
i got a go phone  if you wanna talk, let me know  I saw BIG BEN, BUCKINGHAM PALACE, and the LONDON BRIDGE today! no internet till tom.
i got a hair cut! its layered and my bangs are cut and layered and its shorter! cool...i know right 
I got a haircut  it looks better. I'm not excited about tomorrow. Waiting for summer...
i got a haircut today. it feels so soft now. 
I got a hug from the cute lead singer of runner runner 
i got a job today 
I GOT A JOB TODAY AFTER 6 MONTHS OF TRYING!!!!! WELL CHUFFED (hence the caps lol). Just need a nice new phone now hint hint #squarespace 
I got a Jonas Brothers poster today! My mum is letting me put on my door, as normal 
I got a kiss goodnight from the most awesome boy ever 
I got a lenovo lappy!  No idea why I don't feel the extra happiness thingy within me.
I got a life lecture in German today, and also pwned with my Wicked report 
I got a little scared for a moment. I thought the wind was blowing really hard but then someone said, it was just an Earthquake.  cool.
I got a lovely dolphin tattoo on the back of my neck, it looks so pretty. 
I got a medal today 
I GOT A MILEY WORLDDDDDD 
I got a new kitten   http://twitpic.com/6t9n7
I got a new notebook from Slovenia. An orange notebook!!!  http://bit.ly/6qfI5
i got a new phone 
i got a new picture 
I got a new summer dress again with my mum earlier and some leggings!  buzzz.
I got a phone call from Kenya this morning 
I got a pocketful of sunshine  remember that?
i got a ps3 and its pretty cool. plus the guy at walmart that sold it to me gave me his s/n  yay me.
I got a puppy!!!! 
I got a quitar today a.m.  It's fantastic!
i got a really good deal on maxi dresses today!  i'm so excited to wear it to tomorrow's party...
I got a second order free from jack n the box   This is the second time ive  gotte bad service in the vlly.
I GOT A SKYLIT DRIVE'S NEW CD IN THE MAIL! I AM SO FUCKING HAPPY! 
I got a super wore out Great Dane puppy! Thank you rollerblades!  @ Home http://loopt.us/RRMHEg.t
i got a t shirt n a cupcake from friends today.thnk u 
I Got A Tan Today  Well Sunburn, The Tan Was From A Can  That Rhymes 
I got a TB external hard-drive! So ready for @TheSims3 to come out  #sims3
i got a text from charles 
I GOT A TWITTER! YAY!! not  a faceboook. LOL (tito) 
I got amazing birthday presents. Today was enjoyable I love my friends. WATCHING TITANIC! 
i got an 98% on my test!! yay 
I GOT AN A ON MY PSYCHOLOGY EXAM 
I got an Alumnae newsletter from my old high school today (feels so good to say that) and found out we have a cocktail party in September 
I got an appointment for 3:00! No more orange hair for me 
I got an awesome haircut today! Much shorter and with much more &quot;poof.&quot; Best / favorite haircut I've had in awhile, actually. 
i got an early start on the day...oh the joy. @zebrabutt it was bud light. Lol 
I got an electronic baby. His name is Milo, and he's adorable! He's sleeping right now 
I got an iPhone!!!  just chillin watchin the hills reruns and going to disneyland tomorrow!!!
I got an itouch and mac!! 
i got another cool twitter script 
I got back from Brazil last week, and everyone there is good. Here we are in full force preparing for the arrival of our boy 
I got bored... and couldnt sleep... so i'm gonna watch how to loose friends and alienate people 
I got cod modern warefare  loads of people on my xbox list play it so might as well. Cheap pre owned ~ sat in park eating subway :0
i got compliments on my outfitt today. thanks!!! it made my day   
I got congratulations from the other Mac user at the office  We shall prevail 
i got da best  gift. i cud ever want ...COOKIES....TANK U @CRAZYCRAY...  
I got distracted (like always) so before I go to bed I must say, Alesana's myspace page entertains me a lot. 
i got do to a hill start today... in an automatic  i also took on under ground car parks!
I got driving lessons (all of them!), an iPod, clothes, HSM 1 2 &amp; 3 (ayyy), and tomorrow is my part-aaaaayyyyy  &lt;33
I got Eminem's &quot;We Made You&quot; stuck in my head... Rapids Water Park is Fun!! 
i got excited when @joshthomas87 won 
I got finally my contact lenses  is better than what i thought!
I got friggin sweet new sunglasses. They're purple zebra print! 
I got Halli Galli back! hihihi  Freunds 4 eva
I got home now from an important match.I am very tired but we won in the match.!! 
I got home safely. 
I got internet access at work! w0000000H000000000000 
I got into Zions 
I got invited to have breakfast with DJ and his familia!! YAY!  Jeremy makes a mean breakfast xD
I got it :] and so did like 3 other people at the same time    Dana(:
I got it looking good! Thanks, guys. I'd show you the results, but seeeeeecrets 
I Got it! 
I got it! O: yes  they replied I hope this works. She's gonna b so happy if they agree.
I got lots of belly love at the LaFaves from @katelyn_kat @Tara_Waffle @freckledblonde @cc_lafave and Chloe. Can't wait to meet them! 
I got LVTT in the mail today 
I got marshmallows at 8AM because I could 
I got me a little too much sun today 
I got my 30 forms done before lunch (am yet to eat lunch) and have tidied my room up as well. Now sat in the garden 
I GOT MY BOX!!!!!!!!!!!!!   i'll pick it up tomorrow, priscilla! @gilmoregirlc
I got my bumblebee shirt 
I got my facebook back!! Yay!! 
I got my first 100! Thanks to everyone who helped out and those who follow me! You will not be dissappointed LOL 
I got my first package from home!! I wonder what's inside!!  What a wonderful day!!! 
i got my graduation dress! lol. going 2 get somethin 2 eat thencoming home and getting ready 4 the last week of school!  its gonna b crazy
I got my graduaton dress! Yay 
I got my hair cut  its so cute
i got my hair done a few days ago. i need to post new pics! im going to sleep! goodnight everyone!  &lt;3
I got my kingdom hearts shirt  the back of my foot is bleeding 4rm my shoe just picked up anaisas dad on our way home fun day 
I got my life back, I found my day planner!!! 
I got my liscense today! 
I got my nails done orange 
i got my new car this morning  i love it!!
I got my new Glamour Kills shirts in yesterday from the Summer line!   &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 http://tinyurl.com/qevbtt
i got my new phone!!!!!  
I got my permit on the first try !!  yayay!
I got my phone back for goood I hope! 
i got my prom dress so im rather happy tbh  oo and i love my Charlie  x
I got my salad and ...I feel Good  
I got my tan on too  I think praying for summer back worked?! Drive in tonight 
I got my time machine working again 
i got my yearbook, YAY!!!  it totally better than last years yearbook
i got myself a nice lil bargain! today! a dress for Â£7 reduced from Â£30 
i got nap again.....;(  so my iphone have Hot97* i got wit listen  or imeem..lol  holla*
i got new headphones XD, im &lt;3'n the weather bring on a water fight!!!! woop woop  xx
I got new trees to hang out around! I'd done such a good job of diggin' up rocks and roots, Daddy decided I needed a new spot.  It's nice 
I got new work pants and new work shoes  ahh today was wonderful. Oh, AND I got an A on my calculus test!
I got NX! Time to figure out what to buy on Mabiiiii! 
I got off work an hr early  thing is that I can't sleep
I got one from my hubby 
I got Oscar a cat in the hat cloth book today, with a rattle, squeaky and crinkly tabs attached, he loved it but didnt get the rhyming!  
I got out of the house today yeaaaaa!!! 
i got out of work 2 hours early, thank you Nicole  now i have to study for my psychology test i have tomorrow morning.
i got over the tamal thing. im happy now 
I got paid! Outrageous intoxication here i... Come! 
i got promoted to Creative Director!!! 
I GOT PURPLE RAIN UP IN MY CUP ..gnite 
I got pwnd by my friend and msn http://twitpic.com/6uw1 Actually I'm the one who won! This is a scam! dkjosfjdeofmzzzzzzzzz 
I got rid of all those dead hands  I'm free and now on my journey back to the castle to take care of some royal matters
I got so much done today!! Got my car fixed, went to the bank. Now im at work to make monies.  http://tinyurl.com/of2ane
i got so much new music..im so excited to listen them  and i work on my new website/blog what ever..its sick
I Got soaked from the rain, dropped a funnel cake in the street, played Candyland&amp;Clue, yep that sunm up an evening with @jaymedawnn914 
I think I'm getting sick but work isn't too bad tonight 
i think i'm going out today. 
I think I'm going the cinema today 
I think I'm going to call it a night, tired again. Hope everyone has a good night and sweet dreams- check w/ yall in morning  Hugs!&lt;3
I think I'm going to eat something and then start editing the Shinedown Interview. I know a lot of you want to see that...right? 
I think I'm going to go do some revision in my garden now.  ?
i think i'm going to go see up tonight!!  and jimmy... everything by Third Eye Blind is great, so yeah the single is great!
i think i'm going to grow out my bangs, they look better unstraightened anyhow. 
I think I'm going to lay out all day. Sound like a plan? 
I think I'm going to make my mom a gift...Just because... 
I think I'm going to pass out 
I think i'm going to quickly become addicted to this tanning thing! 
i think im going to sleep 
I think I'm going to stop processing videos in HD. High Quality is AMAZING with my HD-based camera. 
i think i'm going to take a nap. yay! haha 
I think I'm going to wash my car this morning 
I think I'm gonna call my brother's girlfriend later... 
I think I'm gonna call S today 
I think I'm gonna drop by CineVegas and get tix for whatever is showing, call me if you're interested  hopefully they're not sold out!
i think im gonna get her some O.U. baby socks 
i think im gonna let pandora (on the bberry) take me to sleep. gnite twitterville 
i think im gonna open my widow, let the breeze blow in, and watch the sunrise while curled up in my blankets.  
I think I'm gonna play all weekend on ps3 with my new game  and maybe spend some day in the park reading a book.
i think im gonna read the Half Blood Prince again before i see the movie 
I think I'm gonna start making things up to make myself seem more interesting. To start, I had a wild threesome with hot twins last night 
i think i'm gonna take a showerrr 
i think i'm gonna wait for the 2am rounds of family guy to come on, and then going to bed. g'night twitter 
i think im gonna walk to the gas station and get some flaming hot cheetoes 
i think i'm guna make a separate twitter to have convos w/my friends on, cause i bet it's annoying to see them all on your homepage. haha 
i think im gunna ear dresse alot this summer, i mean - i always do - but i got a thing dfor dresses latley 
i think im in love 
I think I'm in love 
I think Im in love with plurk  try it guys! Its awesome for me!
i think i'm just crazy, i'll formating and partitioning my two HDD's on my iMac.....by RemoteTap on my iPod Touch 
I think I'm just gonna get the sampler  and of course the signature soup , or maybe ill see something ill like
I think im leaving twitter for a few days. I'm over it 
I think I'm obsessed with this band  lol
i think im on a music high now that i have all my mp3's loaded back to my computer   
I think I'm one of the only ppl in the world that loves Mondays...oh how I love Mondays 
I think I'm running out of air here. Seriously, all the windows open and I feel suffocated! Its waaaaay too hot! 
I think I'm the only person who craves pasta in the morning.  Registering for classes, today.
I think im tired enough now 2 go 2 sleep. maybe I should join a gym &amp; work this out? @ least it'll make me more tired.. k, nite ya'll! 
i think ima have some apple pie and icecream 
I think is gonna be a nice day  mr sun is out !!!!
I think it doesn't eat because its hibernating, and sine it doesn't eat, no need to poop. 
I think it was an Elvis &quot;best of-record&quot;  http://learnguitarfast.cjb.net
i think it would be better if it was me eva mendes &amp;nd lady gaga 
i think its about to time to leave for my little plane ride, i should have an interesting video for you guys later on tonight 
I think it's damn good of the organizers to outreach to other communities and get them in. But bit lost on my own in there  #sotr09
i think it's finally time for bed, nite nite tweeters 
i think its funny how people look at me when i am driving; its like...you never seen a fine female driving a sick ass ride?..probably not 
i think its going to rain again this evening. 
I think its gonna b a late night...I cant go to sleep   fuhub...only time will tell 
I think its possibly time for some marble slab ice cream 
i think its time for another cool fact 
i think its time for me to have some lunch! got to reward my doing nothing all day with some food 
I think it's time for this tweeter to go to sleep, email me tits or tats who.is.tribute@gmail.com and get followed 
I think it's time I put myself to bed... I'm looking a little green! Good night friends. Tweet responsibly!   
I think its time to go home for lunch, and sit in the garden for a short while 
I think it's time to kill some Zombies... 
i think i'v maxed out on comedy btwn last night and wateva time it is now,show after show,laughter keeps me light... 
I THINK I've finished!!! WOOOO  - Going for a bath now 
i think i've found the perfect boy 
I think I've gotten the belly dance workshop bug 
I think I've had to much cafine!!!    
I think I've missed out on the line up 4 all the summer festivals.. hmmm.. I need to get my hustle on, where theres an Ogz, theres a way! 
I think jandi's clothes in the show are damn cute. Jihu=pretty boy.  - http://tweet.sg
I think Larry Fong is a dork!  
I think liz's brother died O_&lt; NO wait he laughed 
i think me and heather HAVE to go to new jersey, july 14th for jonas. 
i think Mike is the cutest member of the group =x... then robert... then brian... then will... then que 
I think more people should join swagbucks cus U GET FREE SHIT!! I like free shit  http://swagbucks.com/refer/Quam
I think MrCelsoAnjos needs to text me back before I dispose of his cardie 
i think my background looks fresh 
i think my best friend is spamming me.  on purpose.  u bastard.  
I think my boyfriend is very cute when he's sleepy 
I think my brother's friend likes me... He's handsome and well sexy haha but nah! haha or maybe one day.... 
i think my cold/flu/whatever is going! i swear listening to music is therapeutic!  (it can't have been the horseradish &amp; garlic tablets..)
I think my ex-boyfriend should probably stop posting passive aggressive tweets about me. just sayin 
I think my father is getting me a new pc soon  it has been 3 years since my last change.
i think my mom has i love lucy on  her all time favorite show
I think my new band may have a third member! So I'll have to change the name of the band. Oh well.  TH FUR IMMER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I think my next solo compilation is gonna be pretty awesome. I've recorded some good stuff IMO. (Including Lazy Eye gtr lead 1 today.) 
I think my pet cow (the bestie) is hungry. I feel a late night taco shop run is in the near future. 
I think my timeline in twitter is wrong and should it be 8 hours behind... I like that... !!!  But.... Good morning 
I think my walk to Centennial Park and back was a round trip of 10km or so. I'm tired but it's a good tired... 
I think New Moon was my fave from the twilight series.. can't wait for the movie 
I think normal ones are just too strong for me! I like something light 
I think norway was not the act with the best song or performance... but yeah, he looks like a guy from highschool musical  #eurovision
I think now while there is no one here I am going to play music very loudly and take a long hot bath  Oh happiness!!
I think paris hilton should be MY bff 
I think Paul Mooney is a comedic genius. Good Night All in Twitterland. 
I think Prosecco must evaporate because the bottle empties really quickly 
I think she wants me back and you have no idea how happy that makes me but it'll have to be after her and ryan fad so ill wait 
I think Silvio Berlusconi is brilliant, refreshing, outspoken political correctness at it's best 
I think sleeping until 10:30...was definitely enough sleep for me 
i think spencer and jon are great singers, so they should have solos on the new record. 
I think sts-400 should have been launched anyway. Do some formation flying while up there. And xchange crews  #nasa #sts-125 #sts-400
I think summer has arrived! And I think I'm going to go an enjoy the sun  bye twitter xx
i think susan boyle is brillant 
I think Tania is too cute, too nice  I love her! &lt;3
i think Taylor Kitsch (as Gambit in Wolverine)is really handsome but i cant belivie he's 28.so he's kind of middle age 
I think thai is on the cards for dinner tonight 
I think that @abcdefglynis and @shermaineee are really sweet and nice. 
I think that I am going to buy a bike trailer, so Noah and I can take bike rides 
I think that I should go, something's telling me to leave but i wont  haha i can never say goodbye
I think that my boobs are growing. Yay  lol
i think that this is going to be an amazing weekend! 
I think that was a long enough break  Back to work!
I think that's something Dr. Horrible would agree with! 
i think the boys should have performed tonight. 
I think the fountain of youth is...balance. Going to stuff my face...ttyl. 
I think the guy who plays David in the show Roseanne is a hotty. 
I think the new iPhone should have capacitive OLED multimedia / common controls on the right side, so apps can expose sleep controls 
I think the next thing i need to buy is a heaps better and new laptop  ... [that is when i save up enough money ehhhh]
I think the only REAL friend I got is @sofiest01  &lt;3
I think the only time I prefer Plymouth is when it's sunny. Nothing really beats it here when the weather is good 
I think the restless night and blinding headache are worth it - hope I have another one on Sunday. 
I think the world should be nocturnal with me 
I think there are a lot of Romanians here  #asot400
I think there should be a board that says NO KIDS ON SEATS for all trains and buses. They can go monkey at the railing and break a leg 
i think theres a really good possibilty of me going download for the saturday. mick should be going so i can go in the van with him 
I think there's something wrong with twitter, im using my mobile right now and it says &quot;via WEB&quot; haha. Just want yea to knoe 
I think they both deserved it I think for this task Kate deserved it but for all round yasmina did 
I think they each have a different algorithm to calculate influence &amp; scores  @MonkeyHouseMama It also changes if you update your location
i think they like my dougie 
i think they play michael buble in Heaven. He's that great. 
I think this is going to be a great week! Lotsa things to do! Had a great day going to the mall w/ my mom and stellie! 
I think this is the first time i'm staying in for lunch! Might as well work on draft for initial report 
I think this kitten is trying to eat me....editing photos from a fabulous weekend 
I think this may be one of my best designs yet 
I think this red hair is making me more feisty than usual... And i think i like it  
@Jason_Pollock And in like wisdom, I will say, that the world must be the change it wishes to see in us. â€¦  â€¦
@Jason_Pollock Coolness, that is an awesome pic!   
@Jason_Pollock just did!!   
@Jason_Pollock Unless u live on the WEST Coast....turning off twitter so I don't know anything...lol   
@Jason_Pollock you've got my votes!! 
@jason_pontin The Barnes tribute is lovely; I wanted to read it. Finding Barnes' recent work too mournful for me these days. 
@jason_sith @LassoOfTruth Okay, you can buy the new phone after Dragon*Con 
@jason_tate thank you sir, will do! 
@jason007thomas a special call from a special friend 
@Jason25329 aww.. So did you cry when the dog died? 
@Jason25329 she will call soon...I'm sure  have a great day!
@jasonahurley yeah he found me too it's good to have some more friends on here. 
@jasonalba  Darn! Sorry to miss the input, Jason! Was out for awhile. Just got back in.  Great post!  
@JasonArnopp and he was splendid wasn't he?  x
@JasonAten The D700 rocks every day 
@jasonavp ah.. Love love love this!  he's amazing!
@jasonavp but at least I saw&amp;met you at Neversaynever music festival  you guys were awesome! http://twitpic.com/4exrh
@jasonavp I guess you never went for your walk, unless you enjoy walking with your laptop 
@jasonavp I'm listening to hey Stephen for you haha I know you love it 
@Jasonb324 I agree. Were deffo gonna do it next season. I can FEEL it!  
@jasonbainter we did bb and archery mon thru thursday. Fri is bottle rocket day. Ours went tall but not long. still fun for boys. and us 
@jasonbaldwin We should talk. 
@jasonbarton33 thanks tobias... U blowhard 
@jasonbetts Just soak up the atmosphere and enjoy...take each day as it comes just write a list on what you want to do! 
@jasonbirch could be true, bing that microsoft 
@jasonblogz Glad you like it 
@jasonboche Well, at least they can sell their old domain name to a cosmetic surgeon or something when they go under 
@jasonbraaten you should make it 11:45 just to be safe 
@JasonBradbury  ...surely the second book is called 2.0 ??? 
@JasonBradbury  You must of forgot the multitasking upgrade... ask Gail, she'd know all about it being a woman! 
@JasonBradbury bad luck I blame the geeks 
@JasonBradbury bootcamp and new macbook pro  for gaming. PC for heating the house and consuming power/running an inferior OS.
@JasonBradbury can't wait to see it! 
@JasonBradbury Did your cousin know about your secret ardour before your discreet (?) WORLDWIDE with 24,000+ followers tweet? 
@JasonBradbury dude what's this dot robot all about sounds pretty awsome  I'm 14 years old, is It worth Reading for someone of my age???
@JasonBradbury Good Morning Mr Bradbury, &amp; what a wonderfully sunny &amp; warm Fri...yay for Fridays!!! 
@JasonBradbury Have a great show. Yesterday's was great  Jon ok after the race yesterday?
@JasonBradbury Have you watched it yet? I'm inner trekkie was very impressed with it. 
@JasonBradbury Hello and Good Morning 
@JasonBradbury Hello, love your shows keep it up. BTW what do you prefer the Xbox 360 or the PS3 ? and whats your fav game 
@JasonBradbury Hi JB  Quick ? if u have time please. Apple TV, worth a punt now or new version on t'orizon? All the best 
@JasonBradbury I  think u should star in the re-make of the 80s classic bmx bandits 
@JasonBradbury i brought it off Amazon.co.uk and it was only Â£4.49  i think :p somewhere around there
@JasonBradbury I hope you're right about this 
@JasonBradbury if you ever get to Taunton come try our Carrot Cake 
@JasonBradbury it's great fun. You'll love it if you like thrashing fast cars around race tracks! 
@JasonBradbury Its nice to see tweeting on the cusp of technology married with TV! 
@JasonBradbury join the club lol neither can i 
@JasonBradbury Just bought a giant yukon 
@Jasonbradbury keep going  looking forward to the end result 
@JasonBradbury lol thats nice of you 
@JasonBradbury love it cant wait for gadget show summer special tonite i want one of those caravan 
@JasonBradbury Not far off no - nice 
@JasonBradbury Nvidia is the best you're gonna get! The Â£300 sounds about right 
@JasonBradbury oh wicked! i loved your caterpillar thing! 
@JasonBradbury oh yeah the spray can was awesome, mabye we can all become banksy! 
@JasonBradbury sell it, get COD on console, replace desktop with Mac. Sorted 
@JasonBradbury Think we needed a heads up about the swimming trunks - there could be vulnerable people watching! 
@JasonBradbury What's your PS3 ID I'll give you a game on something 
@JasonBradbury When is the Dot Robot movie for Sky coming out then? 
@JasonBradbury when will the twitter episode be shown? 
@JasonBradbury you do your writing early in the day! 
@JasonBradbury You have a choice betwen Nvidia or ATI and I'd go with the Nvidia personally  X
@jasonbrooks: i haven't heard any talk of ubuntu switching, we love tomboy! 
@jasonbuck Any time. 
@JasonCalacanis  I personally prefer Cafe Gitane right around the corner from where you are 
@JasonCalacanis I gotta say; those #Mahalo illustrated characters/guides/avatars are awesomely fun and well-made. Nice work team! 
@JasonCalacanis You have haters?  
@jasoncastro Haha waffles! Glad you're feeling better. Get some rest kay? 
@jasoncastro I will have a lovely PB&amp;J ready for you when you get here to ORYGUN.  
@jasoncastro Jase, it's SO good to have you back .... I missed your random twits. 
@jasonchanpakyu its also raining in the uk! im heading bk in real soon.. cant wait to see you  x
@JasonCorriher Damn right it pays...I'll explain later. 
@jasoncrouch Yep.  Again!!!  I hope you're okay with that.  
@jasoncrouch.  I think Tom is onto something here.  Nice website Jason 
@JasonCroxford  Insanity is just like the name ... you are going to LOVE IT!  Coming SOON! 
@JasonCroxford nice website  http://www.jasoncroxford.com/ I like the idea of the ustream workouts! Nice touch 
@JasonD interviewed by @ChrisGarrett of Promotions.co.uk - http://bit.ly/FapF6  - Great Comedy Images 
@jasondilling don't expect we will get that far so soon. Only just reached Newtown  how much is the toll?
@jasondilts I lovve you Jason 
@jasondilts That's awesome.  
@JasonDottley OMG, lmao ...ok just getting ur replies 2 my replies ...thought u HATED me or something! Or just ur being busy 
@jasondouglas Show off! They asked for 1 year.  Have fun at the game 
@jasondouglas Wow, you are quite the multi-tasker   Your post about the picture was hilarious btw.  Have a great Thursday!
@jasondv Thanks! 
@jasonedens11 come to my house and bring taco bell. im going on a permanent vacay tomorrow! 
@jasonford1 anyways you know all this because you use (and I assume like) twitter, but those are my rants. spread out over 6 tweets. 
@jasonfried White wall tires are pretty popular in the modified classic japanese car scene 
@JasonFurtak I'm glad you're enjoying it! I will pass the kind words on 
@jasongardiner love you  soon?!?
@JasonGC18 thank you 
@jasongregg have a good week Jason - praying for continued grace for your transition 
@jasongroupp 0% here in Oregon. 
@jasonhall sounds awesome! can't wait for a proper catch up of all the amazing stuff you're seeing- you should be blogging it 
@jasonhockey someone slapped my ass! 
@jasonholland would be renting a car... a Ferrari or Porsche or something cool 
@JasonIsAwesom lolwut? explaination plz 
@jasonjarrett anytime! I'll be around 
@jasonjfisher yeah, i wasn't excited about the commercial.when i thought they were maybe thinking about my likes, i was OK with it. 
@JasonJMikeMgmt Holy crap. How many times do you have to repeat yourself? must be getting tired by now !! 
@JasonJMikeMgmt That's 2,700 by Friday? No problem...gotta call the army into action! 
@JasonJMikeMgmt Whose CD? I have a fun video of Christian talking about some upcoming CDs 
@jasonkamb I love being the night cap! I hope you have an easy week ahead. I'm doing the no big papers mojo dance  
@JasonKennedy1 Actually, you ARE a bit hotter than Seacrest! 
@JasonKennedy1 hey jason  you have my dream job. one day i'm gonna work at e! i promise, i'm determined to do it. 
@JasonKennedy1 oh yes you will!  say hi to the whole e! family for me, i love you all.
@JasonKennedy1 So, ever been to Honduras? its such a lovely and beautiful country! 
@jasonlinas Thank you sir, I hope the same for you  Good day to kick back.
@jasonlog just like Korean's dramas, take 10 min for intro, tears and soundtracks 
@jasonmccay going to see it today as well 
@jasonmitchener awesome! What a blessing 
@jasonmitchener doin better..i think i'm finally getting over my cold..yay! 
@jasonmitchener Vote for http://bit.ly/c3NDN  @zanecarney please   
@jasonmitchener You're most welcome! 
@jasonmunday Come on Skype as soon as you can 
@JasonNegron My team didn't *pouting* I was hoping State took the win. Detroit needed a &quot;boost.&quot; Alas, Obama's UNC was in it to win it! 
@jasonnellis better question: do you think @pjk cares? 
@jasonoliver i did the half. and i did run the next day, like a weird addict, but not since then. i guess that's pretty typical 
@jasonong 3 minute video cover letter? *gawk* reminds me of 'Legally Blonde'. I object!!!  #MindValley
@jasonpdesign  Am several days overdue in thanking you for the Mr. Tweet recommendation. 
@JasonPeck They're 2 dif people with one common talent. Just b/c MJ did it 1 way doesn't mean LBJ has to. Passion gets the best of us. 
@jasonperryrock if i could sing in any way shape or form, you can do the album 
@jasonperryrock Is you cat clean again?  Hope so ;) Xx
@JasonPHarvey have emailed 
@jasonphilo Do you mean the avatar photos from Google accounts? If so, then yes.  http://twitter.com/jasonphilo/status/2070110321
@jasonplusone Oh ok. You can vent to me JP. What's on your mind? I'm a great listener 
@JasonPMcRussell I used to think that as well...honestly it has been fairly easy to use. But I'm a coder and I like working on the shell 
@JasonPowell some people (not me!) would say that's a good thing... 
@jasonrashaad Sure! I'm definitely needing someone to bounce ideas off of. Also, you don't know what you're missing with scrapple. 
@jasonridge1 *brews you a fresh pot of E-Coffee* Here you go buddy. What's on your agenda today 
@jasonridge1 yay! yes follow everyone who is lovely, talented, wonderful and inspiring  enjoy your weekend, jason!
@jasonroe I am trying hard enough to diet without this 
@jasonryan Yoyo... on my way to our new Premiership client setup   You on 0730?
@jasons it's stunning today actually! very sunny and warm  hence I'm tweeting while relaxing in my garden, where abouts are you?
@jasonsalas &lt;Ctrl&gt;+ on that Chrome source code. Bob's yer Uncle 
@jasonsalas thanks Jason! Its my new ballin' Toronto Blue Jays hat 
@jasonsalas Thanks very much, I appreciate it, and we're the first site on the web with this review 
@JasonSandquist Naturally it must be drank indoors on turf as opposed to outdoors 
@jasonsandquist thanks for those other businesses in MPLS! Also, nice plug  It's a great idea. keep me posted on what happens with it.
@jasonseas We're getting you OUT this weekend! No dvd's, only real ppl interactions. 
@jasonsechrest LOL I will make sure I will only get up to season three then! 
@JasonShand I don't remember whether it shoult melt or not. if you tell me which it should do then I'll let you know what happens 
@jasonshim http://tinyurl.com/kpkw38 cycling, chocolate and ghana 
@jasonstatham1 be careful when doing stunts, u need 2 b around 4 ever 
@jasonstathamno1 Have to wonder how far you are from the JAVA...I have to be right close to it 
@jasonstoltzfus Ah gotcha-still cool! they're amazing-good to see them blowin' up 
@JasonSWrench Congrats!  I have baby Puggles and also my Big Baby Reece who is a brindle hyper one! 
@jasontagphoto welcome to the fold 
@jasontancy and dinner at 10  cos i sleep at 3am and wake up at noon.
@jasontancy cos they dont have the sardine ones. and i dont quite fancy the others. 
@jasontancy don't add too much stress on yourself and your colleagues ya. 
@jasontancy thanks jason. have a great sat too 
@JasonTrenton OH MY!! now if only I had THAT kinda fun going on where I was at... 
@JasonTrenton the one where the fly crawls up the girls nose? Yeah that alone would be worth price of admission 
@jasonvo Sounds like a good gift.  How do I get to be your potential business partner?  
@JasonVonBerg Good choice, I was thinking along the kidneys line too! MacBook it is then 
@JasonWakeUpCall 6 to go. Looks like you will hit 600 by the end of the day 
@jasonwendell Yeah, same...&quot;Kobe doing work/2-4 on my shirt/He the greatest on the court/I the greatest on the verse&quot; haha 
@jasonwryan Ooh yes, it is   But it depends what you want to do with it: be a geek or use it to do stuff. What stuff do you NEED it for?
@jasonxiong maybe you use I will be back better 
@jasooo hahaha he told me where he lived, chicago ave and michigan. you should try and find him 
@Jasper_Hale_84 Hey Jaz, not much mate just chating to rose  what you doing.?
@Jasperblu You're totally overdue! Grab a girlfriend and plan the fun!  We rented a cabin in the woods, drank, ate, and turned 15 again. 
@jaspercullen I've always wanted to be affected by your special talents. 
@jaspercullen your pic has returned!! 
@jasperparsnip are you bored 
@jasperparsnip dont forget the deep breaths too  lol
@jasperparsnip It's a lovely pic. I thought it might be a little too 'isolated' to be part of the Cuillin range... 
@jaspertrash seriously mine is going 2 be small becuase I had fucking jury duty for the 1st time. Oh I saw sergio at work the other day! 
@jasperwagenmans still not feeling well, but a little bit better  how was the weekend? x
@jaspreetgill no problem girl! i'll do it at least once a day! i really hope she sees it! you did an awesome job 
@jasreen18 haha ... yep thats true ... i actually already cut it 
@Jassielmah Lucky... My mum would give them cake. 
@jassupas  HA def. not. i mean he looks really creepy  going to metrostation concert next saturday &amp; i can't waitt !!!!!!
@Jassy1015JamZ haha awww... wana do a mixtape? weneva you ready, we'll get a mixtape goin, hosted by Jassy  
@Jassy1015JamZ Hey! just heard the drop, its perfect  Thanks
@JasyJase Seriously, do yourself a favor and skip to  episode 10 at least. 
@jaszmade But some people are, don't let the rotten apples get to you 
@jaturnage Amazing picture!! Great job, you shutter bug. What a beautiful cloud from a beautiful storm. Post that to wistv.com! 
@jatzal im good babe  you?
@jauntsetter SONOMA! i'm sending you a separate email shortly 
@jautero no, a wanna-be bicycle pro this time 
@JauzeeMyLAWB I'll pinky swear you tomorrow. 
@Java4Two @kruss73 thanks for yesterday FF 
@java4two Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@JavaCupcake Hey girl, Hope you are hanging in there.  Remember what I said yesterday, u &amp; ur hubby are in my prayers! 
@javajive Something wrong with your Honda Jazz for sale post or really-really eager to sell? I see three of them on thejavajive.com 
@JavaJoeMyspace it's called a compliment!  now take it!  lol!  
@JavaJunky Conan was really good! You missed out 
@JavaJunky Yeah... I was too lazy to do it in Photoshop. Thanks! 
@Javamomma  Thanks for the recommendation. 
@Javamomma I know, &quot;behinds&quot; are such a pain in the butt!  LOL! Cracking myself up today. 
@Javamomma I'm clean &amp; pure lol studies done....well...not really...but let's pretend ive done all homework 
@Javamomma Morning Ma'am! Wow, lovely first tweet for a Sunday! Thanks 
@Javamomma noticed that!! ol  agree w/ U about doing twitter..i'm trying 2 persuade lots of ppl but they think twitter sucks! they suck!!
@Javamomma Thank you J-Sis! 
@Javamonkey Thanks for the #followfriday 
@Javamonkey What IS a Hum Bao? 
@Javanaaa nah. haha i wont. pretty sure im coming as cinderalla  because im a princess (A)
@javashri   hope you did too;)
@javashri writing drivers for Sensors.. It is all new to me but interesting.. 
@javastix I can imagine enjoy it sweet dreams hun  XX
@JavaSTL I'll bet it depends on the person. I have seen both types.  
@javierabrown You have lost your mind! Ok, your #5 on my life plan! 
@JavierSoto3TV nice! I'm good for it believe me.... 
@Javijoe  that would be terrific!! keep me posted  meanwhile I will keep hunting!
@JaviLovesPizza no don't worry, some of us are like that but I'm not, I'm the nice, feed you bacon and maple syrup kind of Canadian 
@javipaz4 Sounds like fun!!!  Call me or come over some time I miss you!
@Javita_ aah, lucky you!   make them come to Norway as well then, lol!
@Javita_ You're seeing the lads in october? 
@JaVon1st I'm good just chillen' livin my life 
@jawar But...I would let it slide, laugh about it, and call it cute for someone I love who's proven they're not corny all the time 
@jawar do you see your search box, type in #followfriday ... see what comes up there 
@jawar good morning, i just yelled 
@jawar I became Pam's follower, although I think I was 1001... LOL.  I'd love your help getting me to 1,100! 
@jawar I see so many things you write and so much is true. Very wise man you are. 
@jawar U always make me smile sir! Blessings my brilliant minded friend!! I may have less brain from surgeries-enough 2 know kind souls 
@jawar What brought me to twitter? Mmm...seemed like &quot;the&quot; thing to do.  Now I feel its &quot;the&quot; place to be!  And you? 
@jawar, lol I agree, but then again I suppose I am contributing to the problem. http://soulful-steem.com &lt;- ever heard of SOULFUL-STEEM 
@jawher I don't think you can make Java enums in Scala, at least not easily. If you find a way, please let me know. 
@jawnj you 2 sweetie..we have to make a lunch date...as soon as this damn jet lag wears off.... 
@jawnmurray! Hope your day is Wonderful! 
@JawshKrewz Bye josh. See you at work tomorrow. 
@Jawslyn @butterynipple thanks babes for the concern, me feel loved  i'll be going for a scan for my heart, hope it's ok...
@Jawukoo heeeey just though id give u twitter lovee 
@Jax425 lol  i hear  ya!
@jaxita Everyone always does anyway. 
@JaxLicurse all right girlfriend...Welcome! strength in estrogen! 
@JaxLicurse I didn't like the idea of using a serviette once, then throwing it away. We use cloth serviettes &amp; they go in the laundry. 
@jaxn You gotta hit the 0day sites for hours old warez content. I used to run a warez ftp site when I was 17. 
@JaxPanik Pierre told me about the gig when we interviewed him on the show on Tuesday! YEAH 
@Jaxthatgirl and thats exactly the way it should be. Keep up the good work! 
@Jaxthatgirl Its my &quot;happy 30th to me&quot; present. It's all good 
@Jaxthatgirl You should give it another shot! Tomorrow everyone is going to be streaming &amp; tweeting about S1, ep 2. Join in if you can! 
@jaxxinator i'm pretty cool like that. Great minds think alike.  nice to know i'm not the only one suffering in &quot;silence&quot;..
@jay__BOT night doll 
@Jay_182 are u fan of blink 182? me too 
@jay_dee7705 there is a fix. You may have to hook up to comp to get it. 
@Jay_F_K morning hun. i can see ur not in such a good mood. hope u feel better 
@jay_f_k yup  so now ima njoy my beautiful day off !
@Jay_Lee the hangover is a good film aha i can quote..i'm busy next weekend the jonas brothers are coming to town.Rehtard u mean retard. 
@Jay_ok Hi jay looking forward to your hearing your sound 
@Jay_RachineA oh so you said you good-byes and hugs  my dad left around 4 in the morning so I woke up to an empty house i'm pretty scared.
@Jay_Schmidt ugh - this is what gives OOH a bad name (maybe will keep him too busy to vandalize our kiosks in NY? 
@Jay_Video_Guy enjoy your day off 
@jay2pt0 its PayDay! Go to bed! 
@jay4liberty - WOW!!!    I still dig pulling out my parents' 8-track player from time to time.
@jay6000 Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@Jay900 I sincerely hope it is for you! Been wanting to do it for a good long time. 
@JayaPremHangout Hey hun, still awake? I'm having a nice and quiet day today 
@jayaramk1983 its an 'or' question i asked  . i very well know people will put the 'and', but the question asks an 'or' .
@jayare20k about the blakets after traumatic experiences. Common sense screams out &quot;comfort&quot;and &quot;security blanket&quot;  lol just teasing 
@jayaSays We call that part of the world Australia 
@jayaschwa Jay!!! Been infected by the Twittermania? Awesome! 
@jayaugust /me too! 
@JayBar2 i'm with ya girl - there's no way i'm studying 
@jaybayy ya but it's a sports blog so you might not like it, 
@jaybby_ thanks  enjoy your day. lol
@jaybeanz i doubt it. hes private. frankly, i realllllly dont care 
@jaybee63 Oh no! I've been found out! I saw you put Browncoat in your profile and re-followed. It's reflex.  Thanks for lurking (for now!)
@JayBee90 thank you very much  I really hope you can do it.  You have to show me pics then okay? ^__^
@jaybob82 i'm glad you went too. i think you'd been very remiss if you had missed her wedding 
@jaybranch  Hey thats good, my Daughter's still asleep and Son is drawing, better feed him v soon 
@jaybranch good morning, hows you this fine morning,  
@jaybranch heh, sounds like a classic Sunday lunch to me. Very easy to overindulge. But so nice. 
@jaybranch Hey Jay-hope the training going GREAT&amp;you had as nice weather as we did here on w/end!Have a fabulous Monday 
@jaybranch Hey..good morning! 
@jaybranch I'm gonna see if I can find it for my blackberry 
@jaybranch It's totally fab!!! 
@jaybranch Morning! Have a good day! 
@jaybranch niiiiice man  have u heard their latest ? http://bit.ly/bjqmO
@jaybranch Sounds good..we need to make the most of this stunninjg weather!  No i had people round - we sat outside drinkin till 3! 
@JayBreezy 23 episodes of what? 
@jayc1980 lol...I just posted another one of him as well walking back from the gym. Glad you like it!! 
@JAYCALA now you have ME following YOU!! 
@jaycantu merry christmas, pappy. now you look even MORE like a gpa...BALD and all 
@jaycaruso //~~Yes at 11:00 p.m. and now I can't keep my eyes opened.  
@Jaycee_lvs_Rest ahh yey! It looks so good 
@jayceemedee @elizabethany617   your conversation amuses me. i followed every word..   loved the book.. can the movie live up to it?
@JayChiLL so......&quot;they sayin that i walk like a hustla....talk like a boss b!tch ...and i only puff the best DRO!&quot; - get it BIIIIITCH 
@JAYCLEO JUST HACKED @EDWARDBARRY'S TWITTER!  &lt;3
@jaycrafty fashofasho  will be at kimbois cause he's not there .  Gooo! Haha!
@jayd Checking it out now.  Again, thank you. Truly appreciated. 
@Jayda_Diamonde Morning lovely Jayda.Thanks 4 the kisses 
@Jayda_Diamonde n that's what makes this fun! 
@Jayda_Diamonde thanks 
@Jayde_Nicole  Good Night  Im so tired too,college is driving me crazy :S
@Jayde_Nicole Aww. .u &amp; Brody make a cute couple 
@Jayde_Nicole chicken fried by zac brown 
@Jayde_Nicole follow meeeeeeeee! 
@Jayde_Nicole Freezing our butts off in Toronto.  Its sooo cold.  LOVE U JAYDE  
@Jayde_Nicole haha I'll be sure to tell them! your doing a great job on the hills def keeping the ratings up  can't wait to meet u! xx
@Jayde_Nicole have a wonderful weekend  follow me ;)
@jayde_nicole http://twitpic.com/69yjb - Very Cute. 
@jayde_nicole http://twitpic.com/6d927 - it's so so so pretty 
@Jayde_Nicole I think I wrote a million msgs to you already hahaha pick me    here in Canada it's 104 am not really a Friday no more LOL
@Jayde_Nicole I think you should choose to follow me friday! i'm a positive, energetic, young woman from CANADA!! canadian girls kick ass 
@Jayde_Nicole Just wanted to say that you are an icon of mine and you are really inspiring to me. I am proud to say you are Canadian  xo
@jayde_nicole ok u're probably annoyed by now, dont be! ;) okay hope to see you following me for real, (why does it matter to me?) xox 
@Jayde_Nicole ur super pretty. brody picked a good one!!  follow me!!
@jaydeemc35 @Miche77eR  Hey, I have family in the Denver area and Arizona too! 
@jaydems http://twitpic.com/5ow08 - hahaha your cat is radcore aye lol 
@jaydems I like the sound of this  step one: finding money. haha but shopping, YAY!
@jaydems LOL no. but it's funny 'cause her mum is joining us. shall be funeth! 
@jaydems. sure is! 
@Jayders  Great news! congrats on Starbucks! Let me know if they are gonna hire anytime soon? could REALLY use a job right now. 
@jaydicee23 haha he's no @jonathanrknight but he can flip my buger anytime 
@JayDoub Peace, folks prefer clean versions of music for the radio show, but accept whatever for the BlackRadioIsBack.com - thanks! 
@jaydriscoll88 frozen shit all the way dude 
@JaydyGaGa  ... Was well suprised ... I was like what have I done!!? :s
@jaye2thetay Great! haven't had that much fun in awhile. Spent a lot of bread but I had a blast 
@JayEeEssEss ur rhyme wacky wack. Lol take a shot for me 
@jayeffvee hah! yeah, I was like, &quot;wonder what would happen if I applied, and didn't get the job?&quot; 
@jayegan And great to see a team with McL tech partnership also beating McL... Keep up the good work at FI 
@jayejaye I have six so far, and one more waiting to be finished 
@JayeMonique lol yesss fun!!! Lol ima text u rite now ahhh how I love to smile now lol 
@jayesh haha...dude it's not about the battery life, but my productivity! wanna stay away from unproductive diversions...I have an xperia 
@jayesh naaah man no wine / pizza. I'm on a vodka / chocolate diet now  . We'll make plans w/ the gang for next week? You down w/ that?
@JayFingers ..that is a great line. 
@JayFmOnline Hope you feel better soon m'dear 
@jayfrechette hi jay  i may sound too out of place but all 3 companies do their show on day 1? i though it would be d1-xbox, d2-ps so on ?
@Jayfree2rock you will hit the 100 followers mark soon 
@JayGirl2 ohhhhh dats right, ur hardcore elvis!!... totally get it then fasho! 
@JayGreasley I like the word mungling, no idea what it means, but I'd like to use it more in conversations! 
@jayhawksrus Sherry Zesiger found me on facebook Polly!  I saw she befriended you too!
@JayHMT HAHA! I'll take my portion of the blame for trouble in Our Family. 
@jayincalgary @nscafe BTW - thanks for liking the hair, I did it a lot better tonight... 
@Jayisfly ok I'll be sure to put a plate aside just for you!! 
@jayisgeek Most of the people I follow are comics related but they are interesting even if you don't care about capes! 
@JayistheRealest the workouts dont tire ur mind out? mayb chess then?  u like soul/neo? let's swap then...always lookn 4 new artists
@jayjaykazaz uhhh the next time emilio gets paid  hehehe that way we can go to dinner afterwards...
@Jayk_Purdy I love this twitter account so much. 
@Jayk_Purdy thanks for following 
@jaykeith congrats on the house. i'm proud 
@jaykemp Like RockNROll... Or roll??? 
@jaykpurdy &amp; i just took that 'who's your future love' quiz on vfc's myspace, &amp; i got you  ahaha.
@jaykpurdy awesome. I see you! ahah JOKES. Im in a different country. lmao... (Toronto,Canada) Have tons of fun!! 
@jaykpurdy awww... its ok.. sarah will make it better 
@jaykpurdy can't wait to hear it! 
@jaykpurdy Damn When Youre Sleeping You Look Sooooooo  Damn HOT !! Well You Always Do Look Hot  !!... Love You So !! Liva __X
@jaykpurdy decision made. i think jayk should show off his hair  more often 
@jaykpurdy I did  and I think you should take more pictures of yourself and your sexified hair ;)
@jaykpurdy im listenin to it now..its rly good!! vfc shud do a song wit her one day 
@jaykpurdy it sure is  see ya there!!!!
@jaykpurdy Moving into the new house today? 
@jaykpurdy oh and i said you should come to the Dane County Fair in Madison, WI, cause ill be living there so ill be able to see you guys 
@jaykpurdy Oh cool I love Kristina DeBarge!! But I couldn't find the video..... Can you send me the link 
@jaykpurdy Well I didn't spell your name wrong ever...cuz I couldn't remember it  is that worse?
@jayksworld &amp; @jonsilan2solid 's world  what would I do without u guys. if it wasn't for yall this wouldn't be such a MAGICAL world 4 me. 
@JayksWorld but yes i have long hair straight down hahah. n yeah it was a nice shower with kobe bryant. 
@JayksWorld fuck yeah bro! u knowww it  only fucks wid the REALIST! loveee you!
@Jaykul use what works 
@jaylalove thanks for the follow  look forward to living out loud with you
@JaylaStarr @UndressJess   Make it a contest if u want 
@JaylaStarr getting a bit safe on the last one... not very far off the floor...  
@JaylaStarr Lakers lost and I loved it. By the way the butt plug pic is so hot 
@JaylaStarr me either, its on my to see list though! Oh &amp; so is Shay: Sexual Freak from @DPxxx which looks like another very hot line up! 
@JaylaStarr oh ok, anal can be a bit weird sometimes well it has been for my girlfriend anyway 
@JaylaStarr Warm greetings from the Canary Islands 
@JaylaStarr when can i get that personalized iphone wallpaper?  8o
@jayleishman  no worries my man I'm already following you everything happens 4 a reason. Its all good, I'll rebuild list from scratch 
@Jaylien2010 YESSS.. STEP YA TWITTER GAME UP! lol...i forgot all about MYSPACE and FACEBOOK thanx 2 TWITTER lol ummm now FOLLOW me mister 
@JayLink_  hi, hon  how's the Norweigan?
@JayLink_  just did thanks Jay 
@JayLink_  weekend is good i was hanging out yesterday wit a friend 
@JayLink_ don't 4get 2 train mate 
@JayLink_ is this for pleasure or work..whatever the case have fun for both of us 
@JayLink_ morning mate how did #deathandtaxes #musicmonday go 
@JayLink_ yeah 
@JayLoftus You know its never sunny here actually 'in' the summer holidays right?? It's how us locals like it  heheh. Only joking...
@jaylorfan  lol to what... again srry! was it to colorize? lol i have to agree then!
@jaylovesdougie whats wrong with you TEAM EDWARD  Lol
@jaylyndesiree31  u always eat dunkin donuts when u come over here lil girl 
@Jayman888 Sounds amusing. 
@jaymarottaz oh hey jay im pretty sure im not a lesbian but thanks anyways 
@jaymc123 I'm good thanks! Nap away 
@jaymc123 Like bean sprout types sprouts, yeah I'm gonna eat them, just wondered if people had some good recipe ideas 
@jaymc123 Well, fog is sort of all-encompassing, isn't it? 
@JayMcGraw sounds like a good relaxing evening!! 
@Jayme1988 - EXACTLY!  
@Jayme1988 @Mykale007 @Patsyclien27 i might get one of them... i would love to know what my dreams mean... usually very odd... 
@Jayme1988 @pdurham yeah love the sing alongs... jay, shave ya legs we are all snuggling!  lol
@Jayme1988 4hours at the gym .. hope that's not all spent in the sauna 
@Jayme1988 ah nothing wrong with being a perv .. 
@Jayme1988 ah, okay getting out of the loop. Actually thought it was something to do with opera ie singing. Bringing it to the public etc 
@Jayme1988 Another! Do another!  I didn't even cheat, lollol. *proud*
@Jayme1988 anyway ... good afternoon 
@Jayme1988 Aw well aint u lovely  how u doin today hun?
@jayme1988 enjoying some chocolate donuts.  its gonna be a great day 
@Jayme1988 Good morning cupcake. 
@Jayme1988 ha ha ha... Nice to meet you too! 
@jayme1988 ha! no...grandma paid!  
@Jayme1988 I'm good, just watching tv 
@jayme1988 lol figured that would draw you back in 
@jayme1988 lol, I'm too short! 
@Jayme1988 Morning matey! Welcome to Tuesday 
@Jayme1988 oh yeah... forgot about them...  Chip Stiks are deffo the Gays of the crisp world...
@Jayme1988 thanks buddy. You too. 
@Jayme1988 Top Gear is my fav show!  And @rhettroberts fav as well! #twinswholovetopgear
@Jayme1988 Well, that is just lovely my dear. Cleaning the garden and geting ready to plant the seeds of life.  @jiggleaud must be proud.
@jayme1988 yeah...exciting life I lead 
@Jayme1988 yeeks. i have never had a hangover in my life. that must stink on ice. i'm good. just tired as usual. 
@jaymeallover I'd neverr forget you bbycakes! 
@jaymeallover lol isee you were telling sonya about BND and such.  My dad is going to take me to blink too  i fink so at least
@jaymeallover Sry I missed your calls. I fell asleep out of boredom. Colorado Sunrise was enjoyable though.  I actually could hear it. xD
@jaymes C'mon, they didn't bring it personally - or did they - keeps them indisposable.  We used the hashtag to tweet during the show 
@jaymes Nothing quite yet. Just finished painting yesterday. 3 Days after work...!!! Today is building of some Ikea furniture.  and Sunday
@JaymEsch try standing on your head, then you will see what you will look like when all the muscles start going in the right direction.  
@jaymi91773 jamie bear! I want pics of your goddaughter 
@jaymiealyson have a horrifying dreams jmie  lol
@jaymoney4 awwww... Poor babez!! Lol. Nah it is gonna be major! but there's always next year. 
@jaymsterbean haha.. i will try to convince them. wish me luck 
@Jaymz_Dubz fingers crossed. I'm staying pale and interesting 
@jayne_f okk have funnn buy me something 
@Jaynecollinsmac that is awesome!! i cannot wait!! thank you so much 
@jaynedampf haha aw! yes most definitely my mini me 
@Jaynee   The mess that is joey. Hmmm   OK  That really narrows it down. Joey is a bunch of messes!  You can explain which one later. 
@JayneeLu Good one I will have my hubby bring me an iced apple chai tea! TY Jaynee 
@JayneeLu LOL..that's what I just thought..hope it IS him!  Naw..this chick's too far away from Montreal..maybe if they do BC/Alberta 
@Jayneemurray If you havent watched movie buzz 137 yet...Do it! It will crack you up 
@JayneHilditch Shantaram by Gregory David Roberts. Its excellent. Have a lovely holiday. 
@JayneHowarth NOT for a perv, work!  Yummy mummies, who can, of course, also be bloggers (that'd make them Super Mummies for finding time)
@JayneHowarth You only say that because you're probably crap at running 
@jaynelouize YAY Your coming back 
@JayneMcc ~Oh my, thank you Jayne. High praise from you, &amp; terrific company. 
@jaynenorthover lol goon. 8:ish? good  still have to talk to dad about it, but either way youre coming tomine :] hhaa
@jayneonimoore Happy Birthday! You are the EXACT same age as my husband - he's 33 today too!  Hope Sophie's party went well!
@jaynestringer well done  good luck today  x
@JAYNUNEZ I got 4 pair n dont rock em' besides u cannot have me  hehe n ps Im telling yo wife!
@Jayonara What have u done? o.o Dont say u drunk more than at my home? 
@Jaypee_McSteamy i love GSP  he's so damn fineeeeee
@jayphoo sorry, but that's one fight you're going to have to accept defeat... 
@JayPMusic HOLY SHIT! I would have killed to be the guy's driver! :O 
@jaypog i finished weeds last night  doug rules.  not used to this heat, its only 08:30 and its too hot
@jayraguirre tell you all about it after my exam. i miss you and tinapie. how are you guys? do i hear wedding bells soon?? 
@JayRathbone_  Jackson I gotta tell you that you are awesome  I love you acting Jasper in Twilight  I can't wait for the other parts 
@JayRathbone_ hey  didn't really have anything of substance to say...just your great  cant wait till you almost savage bella in new moon
@JayRathbone_ hey, when do you come to Berlin next time?? that would be so awesome! 
@Jayreason hahaha...easy dude I was just messing u  I know who you are ;)
@JayRenee23 gotta make nice with #89's friends......lol.....im on the grind baby 
@JayresC : its a paradise 2 me never known anything else   http://myloc.me/QFA
@JayresC: u got that one right 
@jayrock thnx babe  just call me when u finish it....
@JayRodriguez you rock, bro. thanks. 
@jayrox there's already one that does that, it's called Characters. When you get my iPhone, you can download it 
@jayruger new week ur right, start of my vacation and shrimp, liquor and steaaaaak! Grrrrrr 
@jaysays - I wouldn't mind seeing more work against biphobia in the gay community, either 
@JaySDaughtry Not what I meant, but balance is good2.  Room is almost paintd&amp; hit a sore patch so i hv to hold back. Ur tweets a blessing
@jaysean Heyyyyy just wanna say ur awesome  Keep it up!! Luv ya xx
@jaysingh Good morning,  I'm doing well and I hope you are too!  
@jaysingh You're always welcome 
@JaySkillz xactly! She prolly cldn't match u n the freaky department. Lol  lol
@jayslice i stand by that  shes adorable
@jayslice pretty sure we do XD not sure....but im PRETTTTY sure 
@jayslice yeah....there's so many things I want from there....like this 80 dollar hat &lt;/3 they have some mad sales when they do though 
@JaySodmg heyy jay, wat's going on witcha ? &amp; do you want a twitter background ? you already know i gotcha if you need anything. 
@JayStephens  can i ask who made them, and what it cost you? I'm curious to see where PV prices are going 
@JayStephens Yeah, 3 was the toughest year. Four, she can be reasoned with and is developing an awesome sense of humor. Fun stuff. 
@jaystokes4 lol oh ok..well n that case..thank u 
@jaysun093 Thanks dear 
@JayT I think ya have to suck some twitdick to get it to twitwork 
@jayterror was that me who helped? If so I'm honored! 
@JaytheBigLug No, no, sir; thank YOU! I think these columns are the most exciting thing to happen to the site in YEARS! 
@JayTrip oh how wonderful! congratulations. ain't nothing wrong w/ the grind. thats how we make it happen. 
@jaytuaca ahhh, those fucking assholes! I hate working for people, much prefer to be self employed 
@jayuwlee yummy have fun! 
@JayV_SODMG I'm really good! Soo i'm curious..are you really part of SODMG or is it just a catchy twitter name? 
@JayVanessaa yup that's cool with me 
@jaywan1 You could have asked me before and I would have answered over a relaxed cup of coffee in Jumeira 
@jaywoo2 Haha yeah that's a highlight for me at the moment too. I'm enjoying taking my time reading it, making sure I take it all in... 
@jayymeeee don't hate...appreciate  so when's the asian sensation gonna be back in rare form!?
@jayysteeZ spank you when? now? bend over 
@jayyycubbb It is decidedly so 
@jayyycubbb YOU ARENT DEAD! 
@jayzces btw, im going to study at UST.. 
@Jayze it's okay for me for saturday 
@jayzombie Hmm... sux. Well, I have a Spymaster sticker for you if you're going to be at tonight's tweetup. 
@jazcan puppies rock! 
@JazCummins @benrmatthews  enjoy your #elevenses 
@jaziefizzle or else yo uwill have to become a dirty hippy and quit work and live in the woods, 
@Jazifer LMFAO For a second there I thought you got a dog and I almost cried out loud with envy  Can't wait to see you in LA!! *smootch*
@jaziii123456 had a good time at swimming jaz  hope everythings sorted out now. loveuee. best friends always x
@jazinthecity pq tu te poses tjs la question ? 
@jazlikescake GOOD NIGHT!  &lt;3 I WUVVV YOU MOREEE!
@Jazminarnesexo: im very excited haha my first timee to deary nh 
@Jazmyn88 that's koo! Yall having lots of fun enjoy those moments they don't come around to often. Huh I think? 
@JazpeARL   I know...misspell it on purpose...one of the saints Ive studied quite a bit...*shrug*  far more interesting than my own name
@Jazreen ha you very busy huh? schedule blocked up till sat night 
@jazster 1/2 done!!!! Woo! Yey her account is bak! But shes blocked me for asking her a question! Can u ask her to unblock me? 
@jazz_machine lol - Good evening/morning/day (just to catch everything!) to you too! 
@Jazza_UK See you there in about 15. 
@JazzBuddafly YAY!!! Thanks babe... God willin' it's the beginning of HUGE things for us. Keep us in ya prayers. 
@JazzCatNYC  ...could be better, but can't complain! &quot;cuz' no one will listen anyway!!  
@jazzercat sounds good  lemme know what you wanna do.
@jazzfan420 Yes, 11 pages is good.  3.0 Rox, especially when you have it early. 
@jazzgirl4 were leaving to go to my aunts so ill call you later when we get out there 
@jazziea22 sounds good 
@JAZZII3love naaah... I don't think so... It's just mysterious... 
@JAZZII3love Still have all week to edit videos &quot; NOT THAT  &quot; Orchestra music vids.UGH!!!
@JazzJealousy lol you too  we just do boring stuff like shopping, cinema, go to the beach etc lol.  do you like Twilight? 
@jazzjeet I am not!  hehe thanks again though I'm already done.
@jazzjeet LOL! me too! XD it also helped that he was the mac guy in mac vs pc commercials 
@Jazzled4life Doubtful! It's going to be on 24/2! 
@jazzlover ...music series. My response was: &quot;That's like asking me to pick a favorite piece of chocolate from a lifetime of delights.&quot; 
@jazzlyn24 Hey! Everything is. Things got a little crazy yesterday but thank God for favor! Hope all is well on your side of the world?! 
@jazzmmzzaj no worries!  I don't really feel up to it, anyway.  I'm not doing too well these days.  Let's do it another time.  
@jazzmodeus I guess it's a good thing I enjoy being a geek then 
@JazznGuzzn yes! i got it! I can read it! Can you read this? Haha 
@JazzSongstress I am not absolutely sure how we became &quot;followers&quot; to be honest! These things tend to cascade v quickly on Twitter. 
@jazzt hey! just read your comment about my BG. thank u so much. 
@Jazzturtle you got it  want etsy or just a paypal invoice
@jazzwhereas  Oh! No wonder.. O well, i will get to see you on sunday!! 
@Jazzy_IAm  if you like 2 laugh..follow me..its just that simple 
@jazzy_mae yeaa Defo  sounds lyk a plan x
@jazzy_RN I will decide how i play it day by day  Margarita and Mavs tickets anyone?! Learning to tweet 101...
@JazzY528 but girlllllll at least it's legal  lol ps: fucks with me! i havent touched nething more than a cooler in so long
@Jazzy813 Yeah &amp; my Brackokitty lol Im da first head u know wat in charge...  meow lol
@JazZyBaeBee awwww thank you!!! that just made my day! 
@jazzychad you should come out to the office in a week or two and we'll do HT sushi.. 
@jazzydacat good morning to you! Oh no, you've been mutilated!! Don't worry, they'll grow back... 
@jazzydacat Is Trea your mom?  I bet she takes good care of you!   Good morning &amp; Have a great day today! 
@jazzydacat Lol, my dog thinks the same of the cold tiled floor 
@jazzydacat lol.any plans apart from lazyin in sun?lol 
@jazzyduck It was hella fun. It was funny that I recognized more player names of the A's than the Mariners. I'm pretty sure you know why 
@JazzyLadee1908 Thank youi for the kind words. ... Just little petite woman trying to get to heaven. Far jump from earth! 
@JazZyLov3 loll my dad leavingg and moving to las vegas and myy now ex boyfrienndd is FINALLLY done talking to me and has left me alone 
@JazzyLovesYa yes haha. I love when dougie says that it wasn't him. too cute 
@jazzymark but you're still a winner so it's ok if you lose every once and awhile. 
@jazzymejiaonly Hey sis hope to see you this weekend 
@jazzyrani Hey! Thanks, for the recipe! I miss eating home cooked Indian food 
@jazzyrani I need to learn how to make Indian chicken curry. I wonder if they sell a curry paste, as well? I'm glad you liked the advice 
@JazzyTeeSings good luck 
@JazzyTeeSings not bad.  where people saw it could be miley?
@JazzyTeeSings yes, and we would be quality control. we'd have to taste everything before it goes on sale... including them 
@JazzyTrends : I highly recommends you join www.m2e.asia You can earn money from free shareholder by dividends. Even you do NOTHING! 
@jazzyy__ I can't wait! 
@jazzzyone Randomness!! Mostly Drake thou.. 
@Jb3Music &quot;She was Amorous&quot;  
@jbabby I used to have severe nightmares when i was your age, of course i , also, read alot of stephen king at bedtime 
@JBandMiley123 LOL I know how u feel bit I'm the same 4 JB ill help u but seriosly iv never seen a bigger fan of her than u lol 
@jbarks Hey joshua, we'll be emailing you directly  Thanks!
@jbarnholtz thanks lovie!! how is your weekend!? miss you much!  xoxo!
@jbaruch Just a non-random Princess Bride quote, pay no attention 
@JBay4 atta boy. welcome back. 
@jbeard8 Sounds very challenging! Congrats for taking it on, though. Must have been beautiful! 
@jbeauty http://twitpic.com/6g19f - Those earrings r cute 
@JBeauty naw jst truthfulll 
@jbee83 good good!  did you sleep?
@jberrebi happy birthday 
@jberry3 drive safe man! Hope the trip is fun....bring me back a T-shirt!! 
@jbfan345 me too 
@jbfanforever94 i'll follow you 
@jbfanforever94 it's awesome, ae?? btw...check out homeparty-germany.webs.com  #homepartyger
@jbfanforever94 me neither  yeah sure! I've even listened the new album will come out here on June 12th but i dont know if its true
@jbfanforever94 np~!  i will try again latter..i have to go to sleep..lol! goodnight~! x]]
@jbfanforever94 yeah i no i love it  X
@jbfullen I don't judge  hahaha Midwest strong. It sounds like a chevy commercial
@JBFutureboy Ahh I totally loved busted, but I guess it was the right thing for you three to do. I'll be your fan, no matter what you do 
@JBFutureboy would you say hi to a friend of mine? @_constantstatic she'll turn 18 soon, so i thought of you cause of call me when im 18! 
@jbgreece Im from Israel  And you ?
@jbgreece yeh  A little.. How are you ?
@jbhathaw Just seemed like a lot of waiting in the cold 
@jbhoopsfan dern it! rosner's coming over at two for a little sun, cocktails and yellow packet 
@jbhutchens ... i like yours though  ...it's a nice picture ;)
@jbinxalot are you have tweeting issues? What's your last text from last night? 
@JBIZJERZUP awwww thx Biz. Ppl always tellin other ppl to follow me, I feel MEGA special. 
@jbizmadness heyyyy  im cool, whats up with you?? =p
@jbjon Congratulations! Hope the big day goes well. 
@jbjon Congratulations!!!! A nice sunny day to get married. 
@jblake999 HA! totally know what you mean. The kids room is usually a mess again by the tie I'm done w/ the kitchen...vicious cycle 
@jblanchard87 ha, love it! 
@jblanton that's an amazing photograph man! 
@JBlover1494 Yes!!!I know sometimes Italy seems boring to me too!!!But i'm proud to live in it  I love America!!!!
@JBluver4ever95 Hehe  Me too!! I'm so excited to hear her &quot;new&quot; sound.
@jbmcdlts    but im even more jelous of my freinds @rachelLock22 @elainsnowdon @samm_xo jess said she wants to marry them aha
@jbmcdlts haha thankss  im loosing buuuuuuut its oaky :d
@jbmcdlts LMAO! I was like :O its better than y fronts wen i found out! Lmao. xD  ps: check ur direct messages! 
@jbmcdlts OMG, I KNOW  remember the place they ate &quot;Village Idiot&quot;? My best friends sister works their but was away in NYC at the time!!!!
@JBMovies Come, come - surely you're not repeating the canard that &quot;indie&quot; and &quot;cheap&quot; are synonymous? 
@JBMovies cool! send me news to sarah.stuartt@gmail.com if you can. if not i will try to reach you if i don't see the twits about it 
@JBMovies Going to watch it again by myself. Still, not late at night. 
@jbmylife and to poison ivy i love that song aaaaaa  and i love others songs ...i don't know why jb was laughing for every songs ??? haha
@JBmyworldxx ohhhh! Just ignore what I wrote then ;)  I'm listening to Paranoid atm 
@jbNchp *tosses cyber sandwich* there 
@JBnVFCLover786 now they have 27 i think.... 
@JBnVFCLover786 oh okay good night and goo luck  
@JBnVFCLover786 oh, okay. i'll just wait for it 
@JBnVFCLover786 yeahh @thomasfiss just because your not in VFC doesnt mean your not outta our hearts 
@jbogard like that 
@jbogard wow, you got a real picture 
@jboii52 awww  ur making me blush
@jboitnott http://twitpic.com/6v0vw - It is GORGEOUS 
@jbondjr good, I'm all about the Lake show 
@JBonesteel and how 
@jbppvfc partay on saturday! woot woot!  
@jbqueru proper use of caffeine will allow both 
@jbrandongreen OMG fuzzymonkey is this really you? LOL Hi. 
@jbreeze702 great! Now follow meeee!!! 
@jbrinkman Man... I am surprised that I didn't get any at my session. It was definitely not my best performance.  Could feel eye daggers.
@jbristowe Gotta love it. Can't beat Vancouver in the sun 
@JBRose3 IT WORKED!!!!!! Thank you 
@jbrotherlove I avoided Norbit like corduroy pants in the Summer. The Happening is one of the greatest bad movies of all time.  So cold. 
@jbrownbizzle you go girl! Hook me up with something, I need a J-O-B we need to catch up soon! Miss you 
@jbruin lol esp when your updates hit my phone... 
@jbruin To help ensure you do not do this again, I voiunteer to check the severity of it  (it's not early here lol)
@jbs_lovebug thank you!  i figured i'm like the only one w/o a jonas related username, so i needed to change that! lol
@JBsCresties  ello sweetie. 
@JBtamaraJB Nick also said that the end of the video is so sweet   
@JBtwilightFan01 Hey! Thanks for following me! 
@jbuff5clock Im great boston  saw the sun today..yeh...lol.. hows you?
@jbullfrogdotcom I'm going with Mo, her brother and my friend Brad. It's a comic book movie, I can't not get excited! 
@jbussell Yup, I feel perfectly normal now.  I am five pounds down from my last checkup though.    I knew my eating was way off!!
@jbvogler you too!  #hhrs
@jbxbaybee Alla, what IS australia? and no i dont mean the continent or w/e lmao 
@jc_123 ahahahah fuck you! i only take 2 a day now cause my doctor changed my perscription!  and then maybe 2 tylenol if my head hurts 
@JC_Geo Yay for home-grown food! I'm anxiously awaiting my own berries to ripen 
@jc1000000 Ah, I'm beginning to understand. But it does depend on how often you update your TW status, which for me is about twice a day 
@jc1000000 the perfect weekend 
@jc76 Rather understandable.. 
@jcalovine are you guys coming to Boston tonight? Anddd don't worry ill get that link to you so we can have twin laptops 
@jcamer12 it's one of caitlin's, isn't she adorable? 
@jcannady31 I'm glad the mountains are growing on you  I know you are a beach girl at heart.
@jcardim Oh wait, my email is tellin me otherwise, maybe I did 
@jcardim What up homie what's good, I see u a Twitterholic LOL 
@jcarnam Definitely a good day down by the canal, I'm sure.  Too bad &quot;Monday Cheers&quot; isn't at Brown's Island! 
@jcashdesigns beautiful pieces Jan  looking...
@jcaudron Anarchist! 
@jcaudron social site for an athletics club is it ? 
@jcbaggee LOL Either way, we win. 
@jcbp okey, beybe. 
@jccaskey You left me!!!!!!!!! Hope you're having fun. 
@jccolyer Oh my, thank you!!  I'll have a drink tonight on your behalf as well. Think of me when you guys play a great show tonight!
@JCCub1 have now  
@JCCWilliams congrats!!! write the next part of course 
@jcdietrich Same  also trying to get my house ready to sell... I can't believe how much crap I own ! 
@JCFelpel twitter flame wars are fun 
@jcfletcher I'm sad MSFT's conf had no mention of this important day. But thank you anyway 
@jcg1483 Heh, thanks for the follow! 
@jcg1483 It's great! The N97 is such a great looking device and I love seeing it everywhere I go considering they are not Nokia sites 
@jChamanes Really?? Awesome! 
@jchant hey, nice picture! nice t-Shirt! 
@jcharming its not mothers day on the west coast, tyvm 
@jchavezloeza taking my cousin &amp; bro to &quot;breakfast&quot; ... i'll hit you up after  Yo! Ricky, you down for some coffee too? (see, i invited u)
@Jchawes : So thank you for being nuts... and thank Kris for me too. 
@Jchawes Are you sure he's not passed out? 
@Jchawes Good Morning hope your Monday is starting alright or great 
@Jchawes of course not 
@Jchawes Please tell me when the new shows start again! Gotta know 
@Jchawes That wasn't very nice of someone to hit your car and not leave a note.  Tell Grant he's way behind in his Tweets!!! 
@Jchawes You could bring it to MI and my husband would fix that for you ... No charge *lol*...  He's a professional 
@jchernandezjazz I hope that you'll like it, Juan-Carlos! I'm going to give it my best effort! 
@jchu1080 guess what? remember how I named an egg after you? well.. my teacher told me he was dead, but he was starting to hatch today! 
@jchu1080 YOU HATCHED!! and your adorable too. as a chicken.  I get to hold you later, when my teacher puts you in the container.  hehe.
@jchutchins HEY, I don't have these images! Downloading! 
@jchutchins If people don't want to see your @ replies, they can turn those off. I say, @ 'em and let your followers decide. 
@jchutchins I'm there brother! Will be writing a review tonight for it. 
@jchutchins Love the colouring book!  Pure genius 
@jchutchins: Morning to you JC. Fyi, Tuesday was interesting. Rain. Wind. Sun. Plus a slightly burnt burger for lunch. Careful 
@jckcrealty how does the travel voucher site work jckrealty if you dont mind sharing  
@jckswagger yessss you willl 
@jclayville oh, in case you ever had a doubt, know that you *are* the coolest person i know in all of oregon..maybe even pac northwest! 
@jcleyendecker thanks!! 
@jclgifts That's ebay! init! Good to see you on twitter! 
@jcloake I am visiting your blog now. Watching the video from Gary: Content is King, and marketing is the Queen and runs the household.â€?  
@jcloake I lovin' it! #hug 
@jclont yes, we have been discussing the topic privately 
@jcmagnaye sure  I'm sure once I spread the word, the planning sessions on YM would begin... 
@jcmeloni Heh, OK-well, I'd be interested in hearing about your experiences transitioning into academia nonetheless 
@jcmeloni Well, you did say &quot;belatedly&quot; in your tweet, so I'd say it's my mistake 
@jcmoreno14 good night 
@jcollins002 i have no response to that.  i got Chrome and i love it. just need to figure out how to do it!
@jcOMFG JESUS KNEEEEES&lt;3   I have twelve year old shins today 
@jconley21 Near MI, you're now smelling a good smell. I can understand why you thought it was bad since you're so used to the OH stench. 
@JConnell @CPDScotsman  Oh dear...I've started a ripple effect if inaccuracy! Sorry John 
@jconpoet LOL! thanks 
@JCookOnline aww man that sucks. ill send you pictures  n if i tlk to them, ill make a video n tell them to say hello to you! 
@JCookOnline haha you're very welcome  I love it
@JCookOnline I HAZ TEH INTERWEBZ. Haha, it's fantasticoooooooooo 
@JCookOnline i know! its going to be AMAZING 
@Jcookonline lol goodnight! 
@jcowie @jonobrain Cheers. Just wondered if the grass was greener. 
@jcpmcs Farewell Continental shows should happen when you all have finished recording *nods head yes* 
@jcqlncarter No worries we're just friends now. It was a very mutual decision 
I got some cool new DJ AM / Steven Aoki remixes of Chris Cornell songs, totally new, straight from label before the masses l8tr today. 
I got some new kicks for todays adventure. Something tells me they will be all good til stagetime  thanks Robyn
I got some new pics.of hyunjoongkim,and now  i posted it in my phone pic album.wee so happy 
I Got Some Sexy Ass Female Followers 
I got some sun today  and I got my #fullmooncrazy tickets ordered!
i got someone to add a jonas brothers theme option for their 16th  it should be chosen haha. i dont no what you could do for it but hey ;)
I got soooo much #ff lluv 2day! I dont even know sum of them Wow!  I'm going to repay i know i'm late but had 2 work all day  
i got spring hatin on me cuz i aint ever sprung 
I got taja and jen a gift and all im missing is sanchez  @taja_marie I hope you like it
I got that from www.tourcrush.com on their message boards...  They were talking about no on prop 8 and marriag.. http://tinyurl.com/cjvbc2
I got that rock and roll, that future flow. 
I got the b minor down. Slightly. 
i got the cd in the mail! 
i got the final edits from @netta50! eeee! haven't read them yet, tho, so expect sadface when i do! 
I got the first load in!  Now it's time for some ice cream. If only I have a cone.
I got the internet on my telly 
I got the job and I start on Monday! WOOP WOOP!  And yes I seen Shane yesterday! Have to say as Mark fan he was fit and tanned! ;)
I got the job at Victoria Secret! It's only a seasonal part-time job, but it's better than nothing! 
I got the new Silverstein CD. aha. Its AMAZING.  I highly recomend it.
I got the new Wacom Bamboo Tablet 
I got the ring! from my BFF 
I got the sims 3 on my ipod 
I got the telekom g1 android mobile phone and hell...its amazing what this thing can do! 
i got the twilight 2-disc special edition yesturday woooooooo!  ROFL.
I got those shoes I've been eyeing for. 
i got to catch up on my sleep 
i got to drive my baby today! still has new car smell  happy friday. gonna rest up tonight since tomorrow is H-Night. wussgooodd!
I got to get organized...I got to get organized....I'm about to loose one of my best domains...I got to get organized...lol 
I got to move it, move it. (got that song in your head now?). Long to do list 2day including shopping with @glorysuzy (Mom) 
I got to see my girl. made my day better 
I got twitter 4 my iPod touch  yaaaaaay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I got up early and spent time with Jesus...yay! And finished making my perfect schedule. Lol. 
i got up today a 12 o clock 
I got up way too early. Ima take a nap 
I gots no hair  time for friends then alcohol
I gots the car 
i gotsa 4 1/2 yr old bf lol. My Science Teachers son said me &amp; my friend Arial were his g/f's lol. thats ADORABLE lol. 
I gotta be great! I have to! Everyday is a lessons to me.. 
I gotta do my homework but i don't wanna ...haha 
I gotta find to do somethings..bored 
I gotta get on my p.c using my phone is givin me eyes like a japanese sniper 
I gotta get outta here. G'bye and g'night in advance everyone 
I gotta go ,its time for So u think u can dance?  #BSB
i gotta go back there and fuckin make it. curving around is fun enough though 
i gotta go my own way :: aww viendo HSM2 (L)! los amooo 
I gotta go now, need to sleep early, tomorrow is the start of my class. coming back to school again... *sigh. Bye! tweets! see yah! xoxo. 
I gotta go to a writing work shop tomorrow. Excited 
I gotta head out too... I think @jordanknight is sleeping ..... Later Babe!! I love you!! 
I gotta say the dude who's playing the Volturi Demetri in New Moon is well fit  but I still prefer my hubby Aaron Johnson &lt;3
I gotta say, today's gonna be a good day 
i gotta start planning what i wanna do for my birthday....2 months...ish!  any suggestions? im thinking of paying $15,000 for pp
I gotta stop tweetin to ya'll while I go out...my friends be making hella fun of me. Matter of fact...I don't give a damn I LUV Twitter 
I gotta support my local artists ya'll, I sponsored this event last year  http://www.carolinamusicawards.com/
I gotta watch terminator salvation again..dang..well, g'night evrybody! 
I gotta word tonight at 8:30p.m... so I can sleep the whole day!  until like 6, lol
I grabbed a baseball cap, my pillow, my ipod, New Moon and a bottle of water. I'm outside on the swing and its a beautiful day 
I graduate from JHS on Thursday! I'm so excited. Off to high school soon! 
i graduate on friday the 12th! woot woot  mission accomplished... as for @themrthomason; frillz. :p
I graduated! 
I graduated!! 
I GRADUATEDDDD  summer 09 is hereee
I guess all the flags on houses/cars will be coming down pretty quickly! Been sorting through summer clothes, hopefully the sun will stay 
I guess everyone like Fall Out Boy huh? 
I guess I am waiting for @therealryanhiga 's new video... but with caek! 
I guess I can say for about 90 min I had 13,000 followers on twitter 
I guess I could download a tetris clone now and see how far I get   and there the day would go
i guess i feel like puttin my shyt out there b/c im not feelin any kinda way right now but super horny and i need a round 4!  lol...GEMINI
i guess i should be studying for chemistry, but i kept falling asleep with the book over my head  damn ! .
I guess I still have Chef Judy's insistence to NOT salt water in my head from first trip to Italy.She said Italians NEVER so I obey.  
I guess I will be staying up for Lines, Vines &amp;Trying Times?  Cramps/stomach aches suck.
i guess if i was at school i'd be eating lunch in like 10 minutes so it's ok for me to eat now. then i'll go back to sleep. 
i guess i'll do both since i cant really decide which one to choose 
I guess I'll use TwitterFox for a while, now 
I guess I'm last shift to drive... Time to sleep first then  @ Vegas Road Trip http://loopt.us/oMEMJQ.t
i guess i'm signing off for tonite.... have a good one   xoxoxo
i guess im stuck at home??~ no dance today  - BUT i miss  everyone &lt;3
I guess Ive just gotten used to it after seeing it a dozen or so times 
I guess my previous tweet could be answered by nurses too  speak up if you work in a doctor's office, I'm doing some research...
I guess Philippe is the winner! 
I guess some people really believe they're doing TDD. Same as some people really don't know they're tone deaf 
I guess some wanted the fellas to stick to strictly pop or something. It's all good. To each their own. 
I guess someone might be too tired from partying last night to RISE &amp; GRIND early today 
I guess that is what friends are for. Haha. 
I guess that's enough Wilde for a day. Harper's Bazaar anyone? 
I guess that's what its like to fall in love in new york. 
I guess the consensus is that this is cute or adorable.  http://bit.ly/hL1vO #photog #flickr
I guess the only way 2 cure my FTM fix, is 2 play them on my mp3. mahasha 
i guess the strut worked or i did something good 
I guess the sun showed up in time  #FB
i guess there is no Ice Road Rick in the new season of Ice Road Truckers   http://tinyurl.com/mjohgz
I guess this awful weather just skipped over the weekend and started this morning, thanks 
I guess this http://tinyurl.com/l2h93u would be too unusual as my house   yet lovely!
I guess this means I have to go to work normal time  must take water with me.
i guess you are right, everyone wanted to be me. 
I had 17 followers now i have 14 please keep following me 
I had 2 *CHANGE (all) my user names so pleaz note tha name change 
I had 4 people tell me last night that my smile always makes them smile and makes them feel happy. Look at the good I do 
i had a &quot;typo&quot; lol...then tomorrow TARBUCKS and auditions 
i had a blast at praise night. im glad i came, met a handful of cool people 
I had a chicken crunchwrap supreme from taco bell... Pretty tasty  oh and my ultra delicious strawburry fruitista... Mmmmm
I had a dfream about ther end of the world last night. Awesome. Its beautiful out today 
I had a dream about Gracie and @schmetallica last night. we went on a road trip in a golf cart 
I had a dream I was a vampire. Then, my sisters and I moved into this party house &amp; threw a HUGE party. It was exhilerating! 
i had a dream last night that i was pregnant with twins 
i had a dream last night, and i was singing  first avid dream of myself crooning away!
I had a dream that my twitter picture changed without my knowledge, then all my followers couldn't recognize me &amp; unfollowed! nightmare! 
I had a dream where I bought 2 twilight posters, telling me something?? Maybe I need some posters 
i had a fantastic morning. i went shopping with renï¿½e. :] she's a good friend. we had so much fun. 
I had a full day and I'm so ready to go to bed! Goodnight all! 
i had a fun and random night  and aside from the popcorn that upset my stomach, UP was really good. i need nights like these more often.
I had a fun night!  Time for bed... tomorrow is going to be a test.  NightNight Tweetertots 
i had a good day  my hands are paint ridden, and one more day of school. Oh and ChloeChloeChloeChloeChloeChloeChloeChloeChloeChloeChloe
i had a good day! new dmb cd was acquired, along with a super comfy t-shirt! listening to dave &amp; reading, then going to bed! 
i had a good practice  now watching house, going to mom's, and then out with my rowing girls later &lt;3
I had a good time golfing with my buddys though. 
i had a good time tonight. it was fun. lots of random old ladies hitting on me, cute ones too....what can i say, i'm a babe magnet 
I had a good weekend. Thinking about the changes to come....oh my. Goodnight everyone  #fb
I had a gr8 night and now let's back to the work with a cup of chocolate and the Beatles 
I had a great date last night...tried to find the CDCaves with Daniel  it was HILARIOUSLY FUN!!!
I had a great day and it was simply beautiful! God did wonders today and i worship him for all his good works! Goodnight  [Capt. CrackUp]
I had a great day of spending money and hanging out with some great girls!  Oh and my new purchases look great! 
I had a GREAT day today, signed some contracts, went to Silvia's house, ate dinner and watched the MTV Movie Awards!!! Now GNIGHT!!! 
I had a GREAT day with you guys today! We went to the Clay House for Emily's birthday &amp; had lots of fun. We will have 2 go there again. 
i had a great day yesterday catching up with friends, now cleanin the house ready for rents to come home,listenin to radio 1 
i had a great day! 
I had a great newscast this morning! 
I had a great night at cell, now filled with faith for the week &amp; encounter. What an awesome group of girls i get 2 hang out with weekly. 
I had a GREAT night with Justine and the boys and all the westconn people I met tonight haha 
I had a great night with my roomie  xoxox
I had a great time at home with the family, riding my horse, going to the river, and BBQing with the G-parents. 
I had a great time with my friends 
I had a great time yesterday at Stella, im tanned &amp; happy 
I had a great time! thanks for letting me be there 
I had a great today, I pray the everyone else did too ~Felicia~ 
I had a great weekend 
I had a great weekend!! 
i had a great weekend, but any day spent with @seanchoun qualifies as a great day 
i had a great weekend. 
I had a horrible case of hiccups tonight, yet I managed to not drunk dial/tweet anybody...including @Evilchild1923 
I had a Javascript/HTML dream. No, not &quot;about&quot;. The dream was *written* in JS/HTML. Yay for brains and their quirks! 
I had a long weekend !!!  
I had a lonnng, wonderful day 
I had a lot of fun at Sherry's wedding Dance!!!  I caught the garter. 
i had a lot of fun tonight hanging out with josh for the first time. laurie's officially allowed to keep him around 
I had a lot of fun with mpn today I love him soooo much 
I had a lovely day with @Emma144 in her pool...was a beautiful day 
I had a lovely evening with @jessicatwo. Time for sleep 
I had a marvelous time. Round 2? 
I had a niece first, you're just copying me again 
I had a perfect weekend! Back to work tomorrow 
I had a poppy bagel with cream cheese and lox today and it was really good 
I had a race with the rain. And i won. 
i had a really good day today! i feel like i accomplished a lot! 
I had a really good day today. Got my vinyls, saw a movie, chilled with Mark, and even took a lovely stroll with a wonderful young lady 
I had a really good night with Jon. Fun was had  But, it made me miss Sam lol Everything makes me miss Sam
I had a really great day today. I don't think I've been this truly happy in a long time. Now, time for sleep. 
i had a relaxing day today 
I had a serious &quot;blonde&quot; moment a min ago..i just realized that these expressions  r actually smiley facesz turned sideways..WOW DEJA -_-
i had a shtyy day but, im off for the next 8 so, i should be ok. 
I had a successful run today 
I Had a text of English and , I Have certainty that was very Well   ...
I had a very nice dream  Lol. Im sucha fan girl. Haha.
i had a vivid dream last night! i was crooning away 
I had a weird dream....I met @yelyahwilliams (Hayley from Paramore) andd I started to cry....alot  best dream ever lol
I had a wonderful dream, it was good 
I had an amazing birthday yesterday! Happy Mother's Day Mommi! I miss u and love u, RIP!  Happy Mother's Day to all of the Moms out there!
I had an amazing day after school till like, 8:30 last night!! Simply amazing!! They're stayed locked! 
I had an amazing day haha, was funny 
I had an amazing night  thanks guys!
I had an amazing time today with a few of my favs  can't wait for the summer
I had an awesome day today!!!!! Thanks rach &lt;3 
i had an awesome day with mi madre today! i love my momma 
i had an awesome time in Sydney  
I had an awesome weekend  work tomorrow ehhh
I HAD AN AWESOME WKND!!! 
I had an awful dream last night. My hair was short, yes thats awful for me cos I love my long(ish) hair 
I had an enjoyable mothers day..surprisingly. Ya gotta love quiet days on the family farm 
I had follow lots of new friends... 
I had forgotten how therapeutic a cigarette was. 
I had forgotten just how much I love Fight Club... 
I had fun  now i'm gonna watch He's Just Not That Into You. Irony much?
i had fun last night, drank a lil to much,but the music was good!  Can't wait to see my friends tonight!
I think the girls had fun  changing my outlook on guys...from now on I will treat you like you have feelings and not like dogs....haha lol
I think the House of Cullen and House of OZ should get into a scuffle!  That would be fun. Vamps flying around everywhere and sh*t! xD
I think the MTV Movie Awards was better than last year. PROPS TO ANDY 
I think the new business email hosting has been a big hit @ www.hostingindiaonline.com ... 
I think the secret to gardening is in the cat poop   http://twitpic.com/6fqaq
I think the sun and the moon are God's way of reminding us that he's always watching over us. 
i think the sun finally found it way back to utica,ny! Yay. 
I think the URL says it all: www.oldguysrule.com A great place to shop for father's day 
I think there is a dispensary right next to where I got m hair done. The cutest dog is outside. 
i think there is rain/but there isnt hahaha/hippopotumus  haiku *original*
i think there should be a &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; status on @windowslive messenger 
I think there should be a law passed that if it is over 20 degrees and sunny, you don't have to go to work!! 
I think there should be a National Hug Day.  Or, does it already exist and I just don't know it?!?  
i think theres an app for this one too. im really gonna have to go app shopping 
I think they named the Loch Ness Monster after me...my other name is 'nessy' and of course I look a bit monstrous. 
I think this brilliant performance summarizes my thoughts quite well http://bit.ly/3YTXw  (thanks @lifo 
I think this is a good Demi Lovato song  #sngtwt http://songtwit.com/?3D
I think this is correct: Global 13, Bauer 13, Absolute 10, Prison Radio 4, UTV 2, GMG 1  
I think this is my most favourite design I've ever done!!  Like it?
I think this is the one with jake ryan 
I think this one is the best!! 
I think this 'taking a break' thing might work, I have a chapter 
I think this thing is kinda pointless.. but whatevs. 
I think this week's project will be making a &quot;Twitterville&quot; on Sims! 
I think today I am going to have to officially start up MADI. Yes! That is my nick name, but now is also know as: My Asinine Daily Moment 
I think today is a good day for baking some cupcakes  
I think today is gonna be good. Im not tired at all! 
I think today will be spent in my own little world 
i think twitter is pretty cool (; and i found a picture that i took that works well for my background. 
I think Twitter should make their own desktop app for twitter. 
I think watching little girls dance is just adorable! Off to a dance recital! 
I think we found our new office space today! SO excited! Haha...already scoping out IKEA.com for my new furniture! 
i think we should all delete @whosjenny off facebook. yeah 
i think we're all going through the same thing here on LJ. everyone's selling their PATD merch, i'm ripping down my posters. 
i think we've got this! 
I think when kids have summer break the mama's should get it too! 
I think you should all follow @CYHSYtheband 
I think you should of walked into my fist 
I think you should visit me in the burgh Kate P. 
i think.....im gonna go chilli at the lake...with my bestest friends from way back when...  its been 10 years my friends...10 YEARS! WHOO
I think....I've finally reached my maximum shopping capacity..haha!  but I still don't wanna come home
i thinl @djprostyle is soooooo dAMN sexxxy 
I thoroughly enjoyed my LUSH bath...it was a much needed bubble bath! 
I thot fiction writing only had the one space too.  @LorelieBrown ...twitter and fiction...keep dropping one of the spaces after periods.
I thought 12 days here would be enough. I was wrong. lol, extended to 21 days! 
I thought about getting a bunny...but my beagle goes berzerk and chases them when outside...Cant have one inside!  @Pastor_Robert
I thought about writing this post, then I figured it was _too_simple_... looks like scott did it anyway   http://bit.ly/QwDmK
I thought detox might would make me act funny like it did my kids when they did it, but not feel sick. Thanks for telling me! 
I thought gods country was Midvale 
I thought Hawai and Japan are in the same  time 
I thought I saw Susan Boyle freak out. So i wrote on my blog, I wonder if you guys think it's her  http://tinyurl.com/ndepoh
I thought I wasnt going to get to go. Its awesome when you have connections with God. 
I thought I would never say that in Scotland but: Let's go to the beach next weekend?? 
I thought it was going to rain today but instead the sun is shining and it's beautiful here in Leeds 
i thought it was supposed to rain today so I'm pretty excited that its sunny and beautiful! Time to play 
I thought so too.  lol @wearetheredsox @taylor188
i thought that brokeback mountain was unbelievably beautiful!
I thought that making an essay on friends would be easy ... oki doki bye @Maitorres y @alla_timas  ^__^
I thought that was a teleprompter issue.  Maybe your teleprompter talked to TOTUS.  #nbc12
I thought there were 20 days left till first exam, turns out its 11 :| geez, IM EXCITED! 
I thought this day wasnt gunna turn out good but i was wrong &lt;3 I'm gunna have sweet drems tonight 
i thought we would be a great coupel  
I thought you'd like it     I think the oozification effect gives it some character.... http://bit.ly/XMkJC
I threw out my back last night washing windows. I cannot sit and i cannot stand...lucky me, i get to lie flat today, with Rumpole!! 
i tidied up the inside my wardrobe haha i suddenly realize how many clothes i have omg 
I tied for second in puerto rico with 45 pts.  Ross won with 46. Fucker 
I told Amber to go &amp; look at my page that is was so important and if my mom saw it i would get in trouble and i said HI! Now she hates me 
I told her, atheism is as much a religion as not collecting stamps is a hobby. But your comparison is better 
-i told moms i waned to marry jay mcgee and she said oohh my grand babies gon be extra tall 
I told my mom to wake up early but then, I woke up late! What a happy story 
I told the harassing, stalking porn follower of mine to crawl back into her overused, narled, dried up black hole..  
I told them 2 tell u @blakkbarbie but @shaefreeman &amp; @bkbap threaten me  lol
i told ya so. Magic-Lakers. cant wait... 
i too am in love with twitter @ElkyH and I DIDN'T FORCE YOU TO THROW IT AT THE WALL... i merely suggested it 
i too, grew up with jazz  http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0609/23758.html so good to see!
I took a 2 hour nap today. Good times! 
I took a pic of Jacob (shirtless) when I paused my tv. Looks decent. Lemme know if you want to see it 
i took jessica's hookah virginity 
I took one for the team. First one to eat sh*t mountain biking! Scraped up my left shoulder. Oh man was it fun 
I took over 200 pictures and now have it narrowed down to 53. 
i took this pic sum minutes ago [black haired again]  / twitpic doesn't work o__O http://yfrog.com/2s8xej
I took two Gravols because I was feeling motion sick. I ended up slept for 9 hours :l I am SO  not sleping tonight 
I totally bought a lotto ticket today  being 17. pft, not a problem.
I totally failed to erect my washing line last night! I got annoyed and tied it to my picnic bench! 
I totally forgot it's 420 today  @shane_86 where are you going?
I totally have space ghost as my AIM icon 
I totally LOVE @devindavid's Twitter pic. It's awesome &amp; now I want to bake a pie  http://tinyurl.com/ox4pxn
i totally love ray-ban wayfarers. i look like Audrey with those. 
i totally meant mr. and mrs. geno tonight!! hell yeah penguins!!!! 
I totally miss my home town, i want more followers please 
I totally need to get the new pottercast 
I totally rocked drunken Rockband! Nothin' better than good friends 
I totally went to ASIA today. It was awesome.  I miss everyone.
I totally won. &amp; we fight on twitter cause its a way of making a virtual scene. *Throws virtual glass of wine at your face and walks out* 
I travel the world, but have settled in New Zealand for the time being 
I treated myself to 3 different types of teas for home. And chocolate, of course. and...stuff.  Yeah, it's impulse buying at it's finest 
i tried a new drink today at starbucks and loved it. some blueberry shit liz made 
I tried but the water was frozen! 
I tried Strawberry Peanut Butter M&amp;M's and didn't vomit like I thought might have when I originally learned that they existed. #LikeJam 
I tried to teach my daughter the phrase &quot;Say hello to my little friend!&quot; but all she keeps saying is &quot;Hi, little friend!&quot; Two year olds! 
i tried Tweetie. couldn't find the equivalent to EventBox's profile peeks in like 10 seconds. uninstalled and I'm back on @eventbox. 
I tryed to make tie of my hair..Hmm, it looks much better on Lady Gaga  My hair's not so....thick? My english is bad, sorry for that.
I trying the framework CakePHP. Looks much simple than Zend framwork and more clear than Joomla... maybe the right choice 
I turn 17 in 17 days.!  now I am really going to sleep after watching 17 Again (:
I turn him on and he comes to life. Automatic joy  â™« http://blip.fm/~7sv8r
I turned my twitter back on.  On my way to San Antonio. Riverwalk tonight, Fiesta Texas tomorrow, and competit.. http://tinyurl.com/mha3jd
I turned my twitter back on.  On my way to San Antonio. Riverwalk tonight, Fiesta Texas tomorrow, and competition on monday. 
I turned this bad day around. things are good 
I tweet because I can.  #WhyITweet
I tweet so therefore I am. 
I tweeted about @Slurpee &amp; now @Slurpee is following me on Twitter!!!!!!!!!!! A little too excited but I don't care. 
I Two NIN/ Janes Addiction Tickets up for grabs.. $49 a piece.. Show is next Tuesday and sold out! If you want them let me know ASAP! 
I understand why God loves you, but not so much me... Deep thought for the day! Way to go Pastor Craig Groechel!  One Prayer rocks! 
I updated 4 days ago but I can't find much to say! I AM alive @jules_rulez, don't worry! 
I updated my livejournal! check it out here!  It is very awesome.   p
i uploaded alot of videos on my youtube. yay  LETS HANG OUT 
I uploaded one cover. I'll upload more soon! 
i uploaded pics of slash people wanted  sorry there was so many!
I urge you all to buy the Howard Eliott Payne Album  its only about Â£5 on Itunes.. well worth it!
I used the word cuss for lack of a better term. I didn't quite &quot;curse&quot; I just went super hard!!!  I'm tryin not curse. Its not lady like
I used to be in favor of dogma - until I accidentally ran over it with my karma...  (via @chuckfrey)
I used to be in ferris buhler's day off...now i'm in the graduate  -[sotaboys.com]
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure. (via @gaksdesigns) - rotfl! That's awesome! 
I used to like you  How can you hate Def Leppard?! Or is admitting my love of hair metal and power ballads a b.. http://tinyurl.com/nhfgjq
I used to like you  How can you hate Def Leppard?! Or is admitting my love of hair metal and power ballads a b.. http://tinyurl.com/njmeqc
I used to live in Indiana 
i used to never drink water! now i cannot stop gulping the icy deliciousness! must order jillian michaels workout tools and wii fit  n ...
I used to smoke. I used to drink. I used to dance the hoochie coo. 
I usually don't act flirty, not much sleep 
i usually dont be on follow friday this heavy but i realized how many people i follow that are actually BOUT THEY CRAFT! lets goooo! 
I usually hate Loteria. But I won today, ha ha! I'm $2.35 richer! Woot woot! 
I usually hate when people do this but.... Let's text  I'm off!
I 've seen the stars on the red carpet but I was soo tired.. and then I go to bed 
i very muchly need an iPhone. getting a job to be able to buy one would help 
I volunteer for THIS! http://twitpic.com/5f228   =P
I vote for LiveWire to play live Smiths tomorrow night for sure  @LivewireRRRFM
I vote Mac buys YouTube, makes it all awesome and everything, gets a lot of money, finds me, and we runaway and live happily ever after. 
I voted  damn that man can catch it and like NOW YO
I voted for you @KevinRudd I think you're awesome  too amazingly enough tho I hated the LIBS getting the stupid GST into Australia 
i voted for you @mileycyrus! you deserve every award that your nominated for 
i voted paramore for everything possible. you should too. 
I voted Twilight for best movie.  http://bit.ly/u3M0R
i vow to be better with time management by the end of the summer 
I wab Spongebob!I'm ready,promotion,I'm ready,promotion!!! 
I wait for @liiiindsaay 
i wake up and rush / rush to the pc to see / if you've tweeted me  #haiku
I wake up every evening with a big smile on my face and it never feels out of place  - All American Rejects
i wake up every morning.. with a big smile on my face 
i wake up, it's raining and it's monday. Looks like one of those rough days. 
i wan a reverse ring~~~~~ 
i wanna b maliks from taking the stage 
i wanna be in @TheEllenShow studio to watch it live! plus i will get lots of freebies 
I wanna be in a musical 
i wanna be in michi with my moma!! Love you Mom 
I wanna be like vocabulary donna, all in Chicago.    I need to put wu tang 8 diagrams on my ipod  that CD reminds me of someone special
i wanna be loved by you... 
i wanna be on you 
I WANNA BE ON YOU! 
i wanna be rich and i want lots of money..bhaha 
I WANNA BE SINGER! AND THE WHOLE WORLD SHALL NOW ME! 
I wanna be six again  haha, not really...
i wanna be the one to walk in the sun, girls just wanna have fun 
I wanna be the spirit 
I wanna be your babydoll. 
I wanna change my hair colour .. Hmm and a new cut! My room smells like the ocean 
I wanna crawl in bed and just cuddle 
I wanna do a Don't Forget the Lyrics 90's.... if I posted parts of songs would you guys write out the rest?!  Yes? No? Maybe? Let's play..
I wanna do a photoshoot so bad  it looks so fun but still challenging  i love ANTM 
i wanna eat ice cream... it's a sunny sunny Wednesday... God Bless to all! 
I wanna get masks in PetSo. I only have one. :| Thanks, Clarice. 
i wanna give him something i made myself. something i worked hard on 
I wanna go bowling! I haven't gone in, like, forever. It's time, gosh darn it! 
i wanna go get my nails done! lol. 
i wanna go HOME miss my daddy and my mami ...lol 
I wanna go out, but without friends to come along, it gets bored. Well, I think I'll spend all my day watching some dvds 
I wanna go see BSpears! 
I wanna go see Drag Me To Hell.  Off to the hospital tomorrow. 
i wanna go shoppiiiiiiiiiiiiing... right now.. problem? it's sunday, i'm out of money 
I wanna go there where you go.i wanna find out what you know and maybe someday down the road sit back and say to myself yeah I thought so 
I wanna go to @BizConf  all-expense paid trip to Florida in August!
I wanna go to bed but iam not tired im bored and do not know what to do i didnt notice how late it was 
I wanna go to italy 
i wanna go to my prom with a nerd 
i wanna go to paris! 
I had fun todae @ karaoke. Thanks bubu and Radin 
I had fun today at work  kids are adorable
I had fun today with my sister, niece, and daughter 
I had fun with @valeriefelicity and @samanthaisawzrd. Gonna have more fun Tuesday 
i had like 900 updates and i just deleted all my old @ comments and now i only have 481! now i don't as nerdy! 
I had lots of fun with @whoisMrPolite and @CyleDahl and the girls! 
I had lots of people guessing what my age was last night... Looks like I'm only 31!! 
I had my doubts with Conan, but, who knows? Heh 
I had one of my best days at work today. I actually enjoyed being there. Maybe it's because I know my last day there is Saturday. 
I had quite a delightful breakfast at ihop this morning 
i had rib sauce all over my hands and the phone rang and i didnt know what to do so i used my nose to touch talk ...... im fat 
I had scrambled eggs and almost burnt toast at 2:00 AM. Also watched a blue-eyed kitty chase and eat bugs. 'Twas a goooood night 
I had SO much fun at luau tonight! We beat seniors in powderpuff AND v oly ball. Hollaaa. Dance was freakin tons of fun! Ah! 
I had so much fun bowling last night with Kath and Anton 
@JCred yep 
@jcreekmore happy anniversary to the both of you 
@jcrouch18 Easy fix... Move to Indy friend! 
@jcruz sweet - guess they dont knwo about &quot;proxies&quot; yet, huh 
@jcruz5 Love you! 
@jcsalterego no turkey leg? i can't believe it! 
@jcstud_28 yea kk I'm going to sleep I can't be on twitter anymore. Wit these ppl on my balls 
@jct_27 i love you, unknown!! 
@jctremblay Thought so - a bit faster than changing spots to process in Swatches panel. Thanks 
@jcvanluynmusic its a awesome original song as always..  -skullypunk
@jcwentz Awesome, i used to do french at school, dropped it though, i do IT, Graphics that stuff instead. Nerd. I know!  Au revoir!
@jcyr Have I mentioned I share you excitement?  
@JD_2020 i have placed my votes mainly for CoD WaW totally addictive game i was more fifa but it soon wore off so CoD it is 
@JD_2020 Shi No Numa, Man you gotta' get a video or pictures out of that   #codwaw
@JD_Faery lol he's a landscaper im sure he'l get some lol plus its just fields everywhere out there 
@jd_seagraves The internet is your friend. Luckily I started working in a garden at the age of 9, so for me it's a bit natural.  Altho...
@jd0123 maksudnya..? hehe.  Rizta!!! any birthday plans? hahaha 
@jdaraz You want that #squarespace iPhone don't you Jason  LOL
I think today I will go to the mall 
I think today I'll play with my Pixelmator... 
I think today is/was the best day ever! 
I think today may be a WOW day 
i think tonight i am going to re-read the twilight series...i'll be finished by friday 
I think tonight might be a late one.... lol 
I think twitter is better than facebook... 
I think Twitter is experiencing some technical difficulties because my last update wasn't from the Web, I texted it.  Haha
I think twitter would be more intriguing if I had an iphone 
I THINK TYRONE IS AWESOME  YEAH. YOU KNOW IT
I think vw should be made to say in a voice over our suv has a crappy space saver spare which is useless in australia  #topgearaustralia
I think watching a brutal movie on Showcase could become a nice Sunday tradition.  haha.
i think we all know that by now ..right? 
I think we found the house 
I think we have cute mormon boys..just those two though.  [23]
I think we have everything we need now! Time to finish the bathroom! Hopefully that was our last trip to The Home Depot! 
I think we should have off of school cuz it's brookes birthday  I wish haha ;)
I think we're going to the zoo today. 
I think we're returning some of the clothes today. I can actually get shorts that aren't too big. 
I wanna grow up to be this dude  http://mypict.me/2NvD
I wanna hang out with them before they leave to Canada again! They're sooo nice and cool!!! 
i wanna hang with ma fwends.  
I wanna head out on a driveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! 
I wanna kill them... so hard to resist... I will express my art on their faces 
I wanna know a good online store that send stuff to brazil  if u know one tell meeee =D
I wanna know who the hot guy walking down center is 
I wanna know you 
I wanna learn how to do the hoedown throwdown! I'm gunna YouTube it when the films over  and I never do 'D'
I wanna lick your face ! 
I wanna make a sweet zombie pic for my myspace 
I wanna make bad decisions 2nite 
I wanna order something online just because its fun to get it sent to you in the mail 
I think you guys should go vote for @mileycyrus 
I think you meant 'p0wn' the men, right @webaddict?  @petehopkins
i think you might have a better memory than me  wowowow
I think you should come chat with me   http://stickam.com/jenwilliams started: Mon, 19:58 PDT
I think you should listen to 'Grim Goodbye' by RJA. 
i think you should open up your own studio, that'd would be absolutely fantastic. 
I think... bubble bath, wine, and tv.  maybe I'll make another bracelet.
I think... I'm going to head to bed. I'm positively knackered. G'night!  xx
I thought about The Physical Mixtrade Group all the time today  I want to join with someone.
I thought auto manufacturers were shutting down dealerships, why is Tesla opening them?  http://tr.im/nzFO
i thought black eye peas broke up ? and went solo ? :S ahh anyway, i lovee  emm 
I had some problems with twitter account but now it is all solved thanks to Twitter team  morning all
I had such a good time at prom. And I've deduced that smaller closer groups &gt; big mob groups. In short I think I made good decisions 
I had such a wonderful evening. Its been forever since I felt like this 
I had the best day ever 
I had the best day ever with my bffs 
i had the best dream last night. i'd like to meet the boy in it irl. 
i had the best night last night. first kiss is deff. worth the wait 
I had the best Sweet16 ever! i have much more coming though! more shopping, party, &amp; JONAS!!  the years just begun ;] &lt;316.year.old.riley!
I had the best time with my mom  i love her so much;
I had the best vacation ever and I'm looking forward to going back 
I had the best work out in the world. Feeling real damn good. Right bout now. I deserve something! 
I had the 'coexistence' together with my co-year course, was amazing, I learned that behind the name, is a hidden life 
i had the coolest dream last night, barack obama came to measham 
I had the interview, was another piece of crap. So I've decided to stop looking for now. I'll finish my frozen university course instead. 
I had the kind of Monday that would kick your Monday's @$$! 
I had the most awesome sleep EVER last night 
I had the most fun tonight than I've had in a long time, it seems. Not too much tension. And no drinking. 
I thought happiness was something I had lost forever. I now realize it was in front of me all this time. I just had to wait  &lt;3
I thought it was only going to get worse due to exams and the heat, but in fact, it's only gotten better. 
I had the nicest nap eveeeeeeeer 
I had the pleasure of cleaning shelves today for 5 hours. Apparently I didn't clean enough but I get to do more tomorrow 
I had thee best time today! We went to Vietnam, china, and Mexico. 
I had time to get important things done... instead I'm checking my email, and playing on the computer 
I had to make a hard decision today....I hope I made the right choice ;-) My weekend has been lovely so far...I am just simply thankful 
I had to open my big mouth! lol... ruined the damn party. now im sitting at home listening to my day 26. lol... 
I wanna photowalk today in Star City! Who wants to model? 
i wanna read post secret but my dad would be like &quot;woah are you depressed?!!?&quot; no i just find comfort in reading them, dad 
I wanna run away to New York 
I wanna say happy mother's day to all the mom's including mine love u mama 
I wanna see a comeback for MChammer 
I wanna see hangover too.I gonna see it soooon 
I wanna see him after this 
i wanna see it  http://twitgoo.com/o6xj
I wanna see Star Trek... Someone come and see it with me 
i wanna see your bike!  @mmitchelldaviss
I thought of this song this morning   ? http://blip.fm/~6t86s
I thought so 
i thought spock's vulcan sign looked a bit weird - turns out zachary quinto couldn't do it so he had his hands glued. but he's still hot 
I thought Star Trek &gt;&gt; Angels and Demons, but it was still good 
I thought that recession would kill the cult of self appointed guru's..apparently the down but not really out 
I thought the retirement party was a smashing success!  I'm glad so many people showed up. 
I thought this moment would never come: we *finally* bought a 4-in-1 color laser printer for sis. She's happy for savings compared to ink 
I thought those we 2 pretty legit sentences from the &quot;Prejudice&quot; essay i'm writing 
i thought we ran out of popsicles and i just found a grape on hidden in the back SCORE!! 
I told her  I'm such a nice guy. Lol.
i told her back it up like burp burp. i madw that ass jump like jurp jurp. ah. i love lil wayne. &amp; framing hanleys cover. 
I told Taylor I wanted to punch a baby, because I'm in so much pain and her response was &quot;what baby?&quot;. I love my family. 
I wanna sleep with MUSICCCCCCCCCCCCCCC 
I wanna sleeping everyone  good bye, have a sleep tight. Jakarta, 10.16 pm.
I wanna talk to somebody. Im lonely. Ha!.  i need a man.
I wanna thank Jesus Christ for giving me life &amp; a purpose... to inspire &amp; serve people 
I wanna try out Wimp, help? : D (via @torarne_n)&lt;-me too! 
i wanna try to find a cool plaid shirt when i go now 
I wanna wake up in vegas 
I wanna watch &quot;Up&quot;.  and when it comes out, I wanna watch Bandslam too. And Orphan. Ha! Andami. Madami pa e. Stupid 140.
i wanna watch 17 again NOW . :| haha .. sterling knight .. so cute ? 
i wanna watch Drag me to Hell and It's Alive  come and drag me to your hell now..
i wanna watch Drag Me To Hell!!! many peeps said that the movie is gory awesomeee. 
I told u boy! Dats what u get niggah! Lmao srry , I had to do it 
I too am going to head to bed - read for a few hours and then pass out as the sun comes up.  Sleep well all  Night BTF ;)
I took a nap after eating a phenomenal home-cooked meal; now I am up at this hour.  Might as well get some work done and tweet of course 
I took a nap and I'm over it. It's done. And now back to sleeeeep. 
I took a nap Mmmm feels so good to get some sleep now im off to a softball game  [we are so gonna win]
I took a picture of me looking at my bottle of antibacterial. Wicked 
I took a quiz asking what do I fear.Pediophobia  Not true though.I remember Grandma giving me a doll similar to Chucky when i was 4 
I took a shower then didnt feel like strightening or curling my hairl haha so its just blehhhh for tonight. i dont mind tho 
I took all new pictures of my rose necklaces made from soda cans! Not afraid of shadows.  www.magdalune.etsy.com
i took facebook's &quot;what's your vampire power?&quot; quiz. Guess what...i'll be like zafrina!!! how cool is that? 
I took like a 3 hour nap and im tired again! Wow... Anyways its late goin to shower... Night everybody! 
I took my daughter to Lake Jackson for some first time wet exits and just hanging upside down in the kayak 
I wanna watch some moovvvieess. But I have to study D: but I'm going to the mall soon 
I wanna watch up 
i wanna watch.. all the pokemon movies, all of them. T___T&quot; HAHAH! they're awesome, okay? *cough. 
I wanna work at yoyoyogurt 
i wanna work in a nice clothing shop.... i want cheap nice clothes 
I want @JanelleMonet to follow me 
I want @mitchelmusso....to come to England 
I want 2 give a shout out 2 my new followers n the tweeples I'm following ya'll ROCK 
I want 900 followers by tonight  I'll be your bestest best friend in the world!
I took pictures of my legs to see if they would look good in shorts... random 
I took some pictures of Chessie Moore for her site www.chessieland.com today. they turned out good  I need to get her some milf/gilf work
I took the night 
I took the plunge and let Hannah dye my hair. Waiting for the color to set now. 
i took the thruway to have lunch with @phishb13! at the cobblestone deli like the old days 
I totally agree re:  90's music. Anoop def. gives off that vibe. I think he's gonna bring it back. 
I totally agree!  @cinebo: holy hell mibbit.com is awesome!!!
i totally avoided a sea of orange and black 
i totally cleaned the house today so mother would let me out tomorrow...get to hang with a cute German the majority of day shoud be sweet 
I totally forgot how great I am at throwing shapes on the dance floor !!! 
i totally got over him  yay!
I totally just grabbed my blanket &amp; chi chi &amp; slid onto my trampoline. Never random, always serious 
I had to stay up until I let it all go  now I'm feelin refreshed
I HAD to vote for Single Ladies for the TCA's (: ALL THE SINGLE LADIES, ALL THE SINGLE LADIES 
I had two DM conversations today that deserved to be public, as you all would have laughed, but it's probably best they weren't. 
I had written the speech along the lines of the approximate schedule of the blogger's embark, but now I get to /really/ report on it. 
I happily stuck one of my 4 precious Tokugawa kamon stickers onto the back of my iPhone.  But it's covered by the iPhone casing. XD
I happy that I went to see her 
I hart sal coz she is so awesome and she rocks and she is really funny! Nah, jokes! LOL 
I HAS AN ALLIE 
i has internets again... woot!!!  thanks @spazzapan and @shellza 
I want a boyfriend who will write me love letters for just no reason 
i want a celeb to follow me 
i want a cookie  some buy me on plzzzzz 
I want a cox alien! 
I want a fat ass cheeseburger. Who's with meeeee?  
I want a favicon/logo for my blog but have no idea...  Anyone wants to help? 
i want a fruit rollup. 
i want a gf like hayley williams  but i'm not L .
I has new corset! Soooo shiny and full of metalz 
I has new sketchbook. :B It's a bit bigger, but it has pockets! 
I hate @taelorrr. 
I hate Adam Lambert and was jumping for joy when he was in the bottom 2!  I think he's a self-centered, obnoxious, overly dramatic loser! 
I HATE AP EURO IDS!  its better than the outlines at least 
i hate being a female .. js ! 
I totally needed that sleep.  need to stretch and wash though now.
I totally needed to oversleep the start of he conference session this morning 
I totally want to give it to a 14 year old boy 
i totaly just bought sims 3... now im gonna play it 
I TOUCHED OLI SYKES HAND! 
I tought Conan did a great job tonight.  Better than Leno IMO.
I tried to do this whole no soda thing but I can't help how much I love the way it fizzes down my throat 
I want a haircut. 
I want a Holden ute or commadore ^.^ well anything holden 
I WANT A HUG! 
i want a kindle so bad.... will promote illiteracy andhooked on phonics will be just a dream  
I want a labradoodle! 
I WANT A LADY THAT TASTE LIKE THE BEST FRUITS 
i want a little tiny public to name chi chi 
i want a mcfly phone!! 
I want a nap... ooo I just realised I've got 2 free lines tomorrow morn &amp; no work! Loooong sleep in! 
I want a netbook  #suleatunbirthdaylist
I want a new book to read. My son's teacher says I should check on books about how to raise a gifted child. but will it entertain? 
i want a new phoneeeeee mines poop. 
I want a orange soda. to come out of my faucet  - cos I love orange soda. and that is not to be taken in a... http://tumblr.com/xkx1z4ngq
I hate being on hold! At least they have Moon Safari as the waiting music 
I hate being sick in school. Maybe ill go home early 
I hate being this tired.. but the concert was great  Field trip today? I can't keep my eyes open. Ten days!!!! :'D
I tried to resist.... but I'm just another conformist!!! oh well!!  Sunday afternoon of homework... sigh
i truly felt blessed, and feel free of all the worries i had, KIRK was fricken HILARIOUS!!! but real and live and loved it 
I try not to get persosal on this, use it to connect folx to meaningful causes, but today is my abuelita's b-day, she was born in 1924, 
I try not to spam too much, please vote for me on Etsy  http://bit.ly/8vqtW
I try to change who I am to look better, but then it's like, why should i? i'm me and i finally get what they're on about 'be yourself' 
I turned my twitter back on.  On my way to San Antonio. Riverwalk tonight, Fiesta Texas tomorrow, and competit.. http://tinyurl.com/myzcwv
I turned off all my #spymaster notifications  sorry ppl .
I tweet #abundance because seeing the word reaffirms the feeling of abundance www.vinegrovewebdesign.com for website needs 
i tweet waaay tooo muchhh :L but i love it  xD
I tweeted asking how to cancel a domain on godaddy yesterday and I got reply from @GoDaddyGuy with the instructions .. it's very nice 
i twitter too much. Goodnight everyone.  Had a blast tonight, and will have a great weekend as well... going fishing with the lico's
i unfollowed all the people that sound too 'professional' in their bio. if i need professionals, i'll google your domain/activity 
I updated my bio finally  Hope everyone is having a wonderful Friday!
I uploaded a YouTube video -- Nintendo, Audio Swap!  http://bit.ly/GkWC3
i uploaded new edited pictures in miss vanessa.check them out 
I UPLOADED PHOTOS TO MY FACEBOOK!! 
I uploaded some pictures from the show on my Facebook. I'll put the links to them here tomorrow... er, June 6  haha
I use Cyberduck because... well, because the icon is a duck.  Sold  http://tinyurl.com/lgrkuq
I use to think babe u love me .. now baby I'm suree  im salking on sunshineee whoooaaa!
I used all of my allowance money to buy it on my first trip to Paris.  @PurseBlog
i used to be cold but my tempertures changed 
I used to be indecisive, now Iâ€™m not so sure.- W.C. Fields 
I used to be nenasymone   I changed it to make for easier introductions lol...
I used to have a crush on Richard Marx...just sayin.  @johncmayer @Count_Almasy @Bella31969
I used to live in Norway 
I used to think Ant was the cute one but after that haircut ima have to say Dec is the cuter one  x
I used to think like @mkrigsman that IT project risk measured in billions - but it is really a $trillion bonfire 
i usually find something that gives me back hope &amp; strength after all !  mostly it has something to do with ... MUSIC ! 
I usually roam till I find one next to a bagel place  @fashionherald
I vaccumed. Don't even know why. Probably so I won't feel guilty when I spend the rest of the day on the balcony reading my book 
I 've been working with Eclipse Galileo RC1 for C++ a couple of days now. No problems yet  #eclipse35
I very much enjoy the office  Season 2: Performance Reviews
I visited the Conclave today! I really like that place, but it is always so quite. However,  today I had some catching up to do. 
i voted for diversity and they one 
i voted for mileycyrus 
I voted!  Watching a documentary about Ireland...my home! 
i waa suppused to be with my cuddy buddy tonight but i'm with friends 
I waited 2 hours to meet @mitchelmusso and I don't even remember what happened since it was so fast haha. He's a cutie.. Buy his CD! 
i waited twelve hours for about sixty seconds...totally worth it though. 
I waited up for the Sniper update and now it's here, I can't be bothered to play it xD Ah well, Blogging now 
I wake up 1 hour ago. I was very tired yesteday! Today, I want go shopping and buy a jeans . I really need one 
i wake up every morning..with a big smile on my face 
i walk best dressed/labels down! ask about laflare st. clair 
i walked all day :S it would suck but  i got 2 my chemical romance tshirts 
I walked into my spare bedroom to get my music and my birthday presents are in there. It smells like hollister. 
I wan a cute pink laptop D: Oh well, when I earn my own money 
I wan tApple pie!!!!!!! There rainig again and I want sun again 
I wan2 go to the drive in tonight 
i wana buy some braclets  haha or w.e u spell it, i had 3 buh they gottt ripped off by someone -__-
i wana buy the sims 3 =( it looks so coolieo 
I wana go to 6flags with andydrew  fudge his fone es off
I wander if Bella is bored of Edward hahahaaa lol sorry... 
i wanna be a famous nude art photographer  x
I wanna be a singer. 
I want a poster of TaylorLautner. &lt;33 T.L.O.D. fo' life! Hahh. I'm really lame. 
I want a road bike as a gift for some random holiday. either that or I'd like to have the money to buy one. WIIIIIISSSSSHHHHH!!!!! 
I want a stwaberry drip!! 
I want a taco and i need to take my baby stopping pill 
i want a tahoe just so i can sing Crack a Bottle while riding around. 
I want a Tara sandwich.... Even subconsciously apparently. 
I want a wayfarer style of frame or whatever you call that for my glasses! :-B 
I want all time low again! It was such an amazing show 
i hate bitches. Stupid girls. Will they ever learn? 
I hate decisions 
I wanna chill with @KEVINKIGGS &amp; @thatgirllauren 
I wanna come up with my own website  any good tips on that ..  related to anything starting from hosting, content.. et al are welcome 
i want an iphone... who wants ta buy one for meh ?   yeah?
I want another tat!     
i want another tattoo. and i only hit the &quot;legal with parental consent&quot; age 6 days ago. D:  ?
I want cakee I'm singing Paranoid throughout my house.People are annoyed now.Stand-up comedy is amazing like Kanye West 
I want cookies for breakfast! Luckily I'm an adult and can do that! 
I want CUDDLES!!!! NOWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!! Please 
I wanna do something crafty... Uh oh this could be dangerous lol... Of to Michael's I go to find some arts and crafts 
I wanna eat Miyuki's birthday card. But that's pretty gross. Hahaha! CRITICAL ACCLAIM NEVER GETS OLD. 
I wanna finish New Moon tonight... but I've still got a few hundred pages left. Forget revision! 
I wanna fuckin eat 
i wanna get rockband just so i can get the new beatles game 
I wanna get stonded and watch this movie again 
I wanna go 2 Bradenton, Florida this summer!!!! REALLY BADLY! I'm graduatin' in 2 days! 
I wanna go camping one weekend in June, feel free to let me know if you'd like to join 
I hate exams at least i have mints to keep me company 
I want Danny to tweet something. 
i want everyone to know that @tylersimko is my bestfriend !!! 
I want everything on this page  http://bit.ly/16sjZF
i want finger paints  .... waiting to fall back into reality?
i want frozen yogurt 
I want gritts!!!!! Who wants 2 make me some  if u do ill wish u a happy mothers day  (cause that's what I do since I'm such a nice guy)
i want higgi to stay FOREVEERRRRRR.sorry you are stuck in ptc with me 
I want him to put it on me.... 
i want ice cream.. it's sso hot in here. 
i want intervention AFTER i turn 21 thanks k goodbye 
I WANT IT ALL.. THATS WHY I STRIVE FOR IT~!!! 
i want lazy saturdays to last forever 
I want more coloring books.  Hahaha.
I want more followers... Follow me please!  x
i want my  sweet  sexy  baby 
I wAnT mY 360yAhOo blOg cOmes bAcK :S .......I hAtE360plus ...bUt stiLl gO on bEing on Twitter  !!!!!
I want my british accent back!!!!!! Help me hustel 
I wanna go out tonight. Who wants to take me with them? 
I wanna go see hairspray again  preferably before Michael Ball and Leanne Jones finish 
I wanna go shopping!! - Too much money left 
I wanna go there, whr u go I wanna find out what u knw Maybe sumday dwn the road Sit back nd say to myslf Yeah, I thought so.. 
I hate going to bed upset...we are fine now...no breaking up yet, we are still holding on. Good night 
I hate going to bed when my mind is swimming...must stay up a bit longer. The Crow is on 
I wanna go to Markuses birthday  But I bet he will celebrate in LA. I wanna stalk u all 
i wanna go to paris!  http://bit.ly/73q92r
I wanna go to the farm or somewhere with Sarah today, feel like cuddliing animals 
I wanna go to the museum. Who wants to go with?  I might just go ALONE... Lol. Ppl only hold me up.
I wanna go to the Natual History Museum!  am such a child!
I wanna go to the zoo and see my pandas.. P.s. follow @peterfacinelli 
i want my dream comes true 
i want my long hair back D: i mean short hair is nice and i love it ...but long hair made me a badass!  aha*
I want my money back for buying Day26 new cd!  (via @freddybonline) mee too
i want my own Fantasy Factory!!! 
i want my parcel, I know it's full of tunes and hell yea a font movie dvd and surprises. i love surprises 
I want my present  where is that boyfriend?
I hate high school students and their parents. No offense to my H.S friends 
I hate how lately exciting things haven't been dawning on me until the last second.  And then I remember the con is tomorrow.  HOLY CRAP. 
I wanna have chocolate with nuts and caramel again 
i wanna know how he hugs her with that huge bump! awww 
I wanna laugh a lot  
I wanna lol @ people in my twitter-feed, but I won't *he he* 
I wanna make love in this club! Havnt heared that tune in ages!  x
I wanna Memma to cheer up! 
I wanna move right away to L.A 
i wanna order the fight, but only will if some folks come watch it...puttin oysters on the grill later 
I wanna permanently straighten my hair before grad... If not before maybe during summer 
I wanna play bubble trouble 2.  Not to mention rock band...
I wanna play Fallout 3 cant wait for Left for Dead 2 
I want one of those new teeny note books so I can have it in the car to write  That would ROCK!
i want pancakes; chocolate chip pancakes. 
I want Panda Express  Mmm Gotta Run out and get some~
I want pinky back. Bleh. Final in us govt tmrw. Wish me the best ahh  night friends!
I want pizza for dinner  Yum! What is your favorite pizza topping? mine is pepperoni and pineapple ... probably from Brick Oven. Mmmmm
I want purple nail polish.... Can I have a dollar adrian??? 
i want read new moon  in this moment but I can`t  :C I don`t have yet :S
i want Rockets to win 
I want school to be over already :/ going to the movies with @isaaaaax3 @joooooohn &amp; @chrissssyea later to see some cherubs 
I hate hypocrites so much 
I hate it wayyyyy to much. Nobody in particular(race wise) just plain ghetto-ness. Besides, all the hot chicks go to Target 
I wanna play soccer like this NOW!!! Looks great  #jtv http://justin.tv/g4tv_e3
i wanna read miley's book to , let's buy it ! but where do i buy it in this booring booring country  the internet!
I wanna say thanks a million times for showing some love and celebrating a special event with us last night! I sooo LOVE YOU all! 
I wanna see if this actually works. Please help out a guy and follow the link and just make an account. Thank you 
i wanna see naomi and merryn and abbie, duno why  just love them
I want sex too 
I want sleep, bye twitters and good nigth or whatever 
I want some fucking ice cream (maple walnut) right now. 
I want some more new music 
I want someone to love me like edward bloom loves sandra templeton 
I want someone to send me a mix of music they think I would like or should listen to. 
I want someone to sing a song especially for me, cos I'm that special  haha
I hate it when someone  says you &quot;can't&quot; do something, i can do anything i want and you can watch me do it. 
I hate it when you need to to out, but your friend's still sleeping :/ I need to go see my grandmaaaaaa 
I wanna see Star Trek now  (Chris Pines is a cutie too)
i wanna see twitter the movie. lol. 
i wanna sing happy birthday to @klitoria too @tubilino, so i join you  vi@tubilino: &quot;@klitoria ...to YOUU ;))&quot; ? http://blip.fm/~6j4ls
I wanna singgg haha txt meee 
i wanna ssee the mtv awarddssss!  i might go out in the garden for a bittt 
I wanna swim!!!  hit me up
i wanna text. so you should text mee 
i wanna thak all my fans for their support! 
i wanna than all my fans for their support! 
i wanna thank all the fans for the comet award and or cd is really soon out 
I wanna thank everyone who helped me get to 650 followers! Thanks guys, you rock! 
i want something to eat... again! i want a nice sandwich or a really yummy cake OR both 
i want starcraft 2 =( like now not like later now 
I want Susan Boyle or Aidan Davis or Diversity to win BGT and in that order 
i want ten pounds of sushi and sashimi in my belly. when i'm mad, food always cheers me up 
i want the hot weather back 
I hate June gloom! Workin at 2 today 
I want the new iPhone, come-on Australia 
I want the PSP Go! Right now 
I want the Sims 3 so bad. I can be nerdy 
i want the sims 3 so bad. just woke up from staying up all night at project grad! 
I want the Sims 3!! 
i want the summer to be over - fall is so much better 
I want the sun!! but I'm happy today.. 
I want there 2 be a dwarf in #BB 10 ... &amp; 2 dwarf lovin twin lesbos 
I want this shirt   http://bit.ly/11tuDF
I want this! http://trg.li/6H *sekalian bikin @Samsara makin sakaw* 
I hate mobil if i'm using my ipod. I always have a mistake because of the screen  LoL.But i love twitter when im using by we
I hate mondays, but I love @revision3's schedule. HELLO, DIGG REEL! 
i hate mopping...on the plus side my dad put tinted windows on my car!!!!!!!!!! very much excited.   
I wanna try being a paparazzi for day, I'd think that would be fun haha 
I wanna wake up feeling beautiful today....~love this song by @ddlovato it makes me 
I wanna watch my fav disney movie! ALADDIN!! 
I wanna watch The Magic School Bus! 
I wanna watch the movie UP!  ... &amp; ... I wanna go to six flags!! Let's go yes?
I wanna wear a pretty dress today 
I wanna welcome my new Followers @Iandownunder @personaltxr @cmalesic @MOBINGO @JRobertsFitness Enjoy my Tweets Guys 
I wanna write a songgg  And it is still bright and gorgeous out.  and i have a history test on tuesday and i havent begun studying.
I want to be a peach on a tree!!! 
I want to be able to play the guitars that happen to be spread around my room 
I want to be an actor so I can put Pidgin as an accent and second language on my resume. 
I want to be in boracay right now 
I want to be in the middle of the @MsTeagan &amp; @evaangelinaxxx sandwich!   Cute! http://yfrog.com/0j6b0j
I want to be in UK with @valeriemcfly @Marii_annaax  , Little Jo' , Transy' and Lilie 
I want to be on 14 November 2009 !!!!  JB &lt;3
i hate my life and family sometimes. -_- oh well. going to c hangover w/ dana, phe, and possibly lizzy!!! 
i hate my sister 
I hate not being able to breathe through my nose!! Mouth breathing like someone hahaha 
I want to be on an Asian game show one day 
I want to be out in the sun, walking down a beach, with Joey 
I want to be warrrrrrrrm 
I want to bottle today's weather and keep it on file for July 26th (Brickyard 400 day)..just BEAUTIFUL!! Clear blue sky and 65!! 
i want to bring a new sound to the world something different to love and respect  ye diggg
i want to buy a macbook  and i want more friends
I want to buy another music CD. Any suggestions? 
I want to clubbb!  Effin love dancing.
I wanna, I wanna, I wanna touch you you. You wanna touch me too. 
I WANT 200 FOLLOWERS  !
I want 420 followers by the end of the weed 
I want a Blackberry... 
I Want A Brew 
I want a BRITISH accent. I just love how they say girl. That &quot;gullll&quot; over there is a dahhling! 
I Hate not having a life because of studying! Have my next set of accounts exams on wed! after that i need 2 have sum sort of a life 
I hate packing.. Bacolod-Manila-Subic-Cebu-Cagayan de Oro.. but I love travelling 
I hate purchasing a badly made slurpee 
I want to do a trip with friends for a week to somewhere in SEA/Oceania under SGD 1 grand. All ideas are MOST welcome  
I want to do bad things with you 
i want to do more...probably up late, hopefully doing something productive. g'night all! 
I want to do so much right now, but I'm just too tired for anything! So all I'll do in the mean time would be procrastination et al. 
I want to do something unexpected I am not going to do something like Brokeback Mountain or Rent or Crash or anything like that because those movies are basically about diversity.
i want to eat one of those fabulous HRC hamburgers.. and i also need a Bahama Mama  So delicious. &lt;3 *goes back to work*
I want to eating with my love 
I want to finish exams ASAP so I can focus on the important stuff. Like partying, Jamie T and Green Man 
I want a cigarette case ... for money and stuff not ciggs 
I want a dairy queen gift card 
I want a drink buhd ! 
I WANT A GOOGLE WAVE ACCOUNT !!!!!! YES I'M BEGGING FOR ONE!!! hhahaha 
I Want A Guy, Who Wishes He Was John Travolta in Grease 
I want a JOEtato chip 
I want a Kindle from Amazon.. those are super sick. And paperless 
I want a krispy kreme in my town that would be so cool 
I want a MacBook...or a laptop...please. 
I want a multicolour dodo hell yeah, I want a Kevin  They shouldn't be extinct though boohoo
I want a Nao robot! RED! 
I hate saturday school. Its so boring I want T 
i hate school but if it wasn't for school, i wouldn't have my good friends  thanks you guys for sticking with me though thick &amp; thin. Mwah
i hate school right now, homework, exams, sacs, they're just annoying.    oh,i love home made 
i hate sitting in this empty apartment. soon enough everyone will be here and i'll hate being with all of them. ahh. indecision 
I want to get swine flu. 
I want to get to the Beatles Magical Mystery Tour in London! it sounds so coool  though I'm not a huge Beatles fan I want to see it
i want to go dancing in the rain 
I want to go for a walk. I think I will 
I want to go home  happy now alyssa
I want to go on my trip now!!! 
I want to go see &quot;up&quot; i think its gonna be a good movie 
I want to go see drag me to hell. That seems like a good movie. I love scary movies 
I want to go see Up! ps. Bamboo Teri House is bawwwwmb 
I want a pet monkey. A fun sized one 
I want a puppy! AND, I've picked out the one that I want! 
I want a shitzu soo badlyy!!! 
I want a sterling silver elephant. 
I want a Transformers Shirt, really bad 
I want a turtle. I wanna name it Oppy, like the Mars explorers. 
i want to go the louvre 
I want to go to California later this summer 
i want to go to disney land 
I WANT TO GO TO DISNEYLAND!  But i cant...cause its like almost 2am. o.o and im in Nor Cal. LAME. goodnight. 
I want to go to LA with @dayshabermudez. 
I want to go to launch, yeyyy me 
I want to go to school, earlier. I think, @Ptrsha 
I want to go to the moviesss 
'I want to go to there' is the best line in history. Gonna use it from now on, even though I live in Norway, when the time approaches 
I want to have a clinic for animals! Yeah I want to open veterinary clinic. This is serious, now Im counting how much I have to prepare 
I want to have a good time! 
i want to have a lot of tatoos covering my body when i turn 18  that'll be cool
I want to have a new haircolour. Black.  But, everyone in my school would call me &quot;Emo&quot; !! Some people are just stupid. xP
I want to have a party with lots of dancing. I feel like dancing. 
i want to hold your hand again 
I want to install my own Google Wave server into Opera Unite, NOW!! 
I want to just chill at home and drink tonight. It's been awhile since I've done that 
I want to keeeeeiss you, but you're sleeping and if I wake you up, you'll be mad :[ lol just know I wanted to! 
i want a twitter shirt  and some land on the moon.
I want a wall calendar where I can write &quot;relax&quot; on each and every weekend as a mandatory thing to do. Supercedes all others. 
i want a yummy apple 
i want ajisen  spicy beef yuummmm!
i want all of my followers to do the Scary Maze Game! trick your friends  http://www.scaryforkids.com/scary-maze/
I want an omlete  Sonias a hoeeeeeeeee.
i want branko branko to drive my limo 
I want chick filet now.  #squarespace
I hate SNITCH bitchass niggas!!!!! Hang all of them!!!!! Ok! now I digress,im back.... 
I hate sunburn and bitches who don't tip. 
I hate sunburn. So I'm off to the zoo. 
i hate sundays, there so boring, ehhh, i work tomorrow how lame. hahah 
I want to know where everyone's at this beautiful Friday afternoon... Text meeee! 
I want to learn Esperanto. If u have some info plz contact w/ me 
I want to learn the Salsa OR the tango. Or both. =( But who wants to learn with me? 
I want to learn to play the guitar!!! 
I want to live somewhere where the weather is like this all the time. then maybe the flat'd have air con 
I want to make a trip around the world !!!! that would be sooo coool and funny 
I want to make a youtube video but I have no ideas :| Helpp? 
I want to make an anime.  Can anyone out there help with that?  Anyone?  Beuller? 
I want to make Oliver James a theme tune 
I want to Marry 
I want to Move To LA from Florida, I am Going to in a Year, So excited  I hope they are nice people
i want to open i new graphic site. it is what i shall do if i do not win the site i applyed for  
I want to out with friends at the old port! 
I want to party 
I want to play Kicker !!!! 
I want claws. Like that wolfy-man-thing. 'Cept mine will be sexier, and painted pink 
I want Conan to be my tour guide. 
I want everyone to have a wonderful and safe weekend. Enjoy your friends and family 
I want Friday the 13th starring Jared Padalecki in my DVD pile..NOW...J.P is one of my favorites. 
I want frozen yogurt with fruit toppings.  My new favorite thing 
I want Genesis to win with his &quot;Loveless&quot; number on 'Midgar's Got Talent'.  
I want to play OpenTTD, but I think I'll do that later. Time to play some more Pingus. 
i want to practice doing makeup on other people. just for fun 
I want to reach 100 tweets by the end of the day 
I want to read my book, but my conscience is telling me to kill off joe   ï¿½ï¿½l Berto!
I want to see alot of movies this summer. Transformers 2, The Hangover, the movie with John Krazinski, and a few others 
i want to see david cook! 
I hate the rain, at least today.  http://plurk.com/p/x4qjt
I want to see Night at the Museum 2. 
i want to see paramore's nomination.  mtv movie awards
I want to see Star Trek again so I can find R2D2. 
i want to see the hangover! 
I want to shine so brightly for God that when people see me they can't but wonder what's up w/ her? 
I want to sleep ASAP! Going early to watch The Hangover!, soooo excited to see it 
I want to start a review site of Gadgets will someone out there send me Review units? 
i want to stay up late. :&gt; but i need to sleep na or else. commute again. :]] nyt-nyt 
I want to stay up... But I can't. Goodnight for now. 
i want to take a road trip someday. Just me and my music and a map 
I want to talk to jessica or ashlee simpson  please
I want to thank Oroton for their super awesome stocktake sales which meant I got just wonderful presents from amazing friends 
I want to the usa in 2010 to 2011 USA, california,los angeles &lt;333 with STS. Read my blog- www.leneskomsvold.blogg.no 
I want to try a Pink Lemonade cupcake from Sweet 
I want to try an acai bowl! I heard they taste good 
I WANT TO VISIT THE SENIORS IN THE GYM!  
I hate the way pills make my stomach feel like it's boiling. This is worse than being sick. Also, a relaxing day. 
I hate the whole city of Brandon 
i want to watch rugrats, but i dont think its on until 2:30am or 3:00am. ohh well at least im on summer vacation! lol 
I want to watch the MTV movie awards with @caitlinnnc 
i want to win loooooooooooaaaaaaaaaads on the lottery so i can buy myself a nice wee flat in glasgow  xx
I want to win Paramore/No Doubt tickets really really bad. I am going to pray tonight for them. 
I want unlimited texting now. Might go to at&amp;t tomorrow to change my plan. 
I want you to follow @Lisa_Nova. She's very popular on YouTube. She's also a Twitter whore. LOL 
I want you to want me....Cheap Trick 
I want you!!  &lt;3
I want: Froyo, Boba, Hot Wings, Hot Dog, &amp; Those friends squid? 
i want: to go swimming and waterslides.  80 degree weather. No Pain. All Love.  Good income. Peace of mind. HEALTH. balance. satisfaction 
I wanted desperately to love'The Da Vinci Code as a film.
i wanted to kill you. but i couldn't. ha28. 
i wanted to put up something whitty today but i cant think of anything so an i love you to my followers will do for now lol &lt;3 
I wanted to reblog everything on this page  - http://laracosta.tumblr.com/
I wanted to resist, but couldnï¿½t... Iï¿½m following Oprah! 
I wanted to thank @tyrstag . He assisted in helping me decide my major in my second college adventure! Thanks buddy! 
@JDArtist &quot;Visualize Whirled Peas&quot; is credited to my dearest friend 
@jdattis    forgot to add that in
@jdattis Cara wants a brain book. But doesn't want to come get it. 
@jdavid Thanks Justin -- we're doing our best, but more on the way!!! 
@jdavidclarke that's what twitter is for....it's like your personal problem ticket system   Go habs! (just kidding)
@jdawg Huh I never thought of bookmarking before.. Awesome tip! 
@jdawg1958 ~ this is definitely a waste of time.  
@JDBernal nice  glad to add him to the in'famous' list
@jdbruton thanks jd  its great to connect with you too!
@jdbuckridge Just remember &quot;it all came to pass&quot;  cheer up buddy you know it will be okay...it always is right?
@jdburke2k Let me know when you are here next so we can try and meet for coffee.  
@jdcamsmom Kokamo!! I am totaly listening to that right now. Let's go jump on our beds and sing!! Lol. Memories.   Have a good one!
@jddalton thank you, buddy! 
@jddalton You too honey!!! 
@jddowsett  I got twitter obviously-miss you my dear!
@JDEbberly Cool, thanks for heads up  #blogchat
@JDEbberly I'm glad you enjoy it  I write because I like it. It might sound cliche, but geek stuff is my passion.
@jdecew &lt;3 the blue bin move. 
@jdee313 And that's real!!!  Morning big head!
@jdee313 yeeesss i did, thanks again  @mrgoldenhanger do that!!!
@jdeisenberg: &quot;There are many things about XML Schema that are just plain bizarre.&quot; JC  I'll second that.
@jdemond you can try it out on the wii fit and see how you like it 
@jdetroye when are you going to overclock yourself? 
@JDev958 You've already gone from 6 weeks to three months? Make haste, O thou backslidden one!  
@JDG333  You're making me blush. lol
@JDG333 Hmmm...I wonder who that would be?? 
@JDG333 I did give up for a while...but I'm back. 
@jdgoldie11 yoo you 
@Jdiamondisme idk y but That's so adorable. Lol tell him i said hi.  he's gonna be like &quot;Who?&quot; lol goodnight.
@jdickerson www.youtube.com/Titomi15..WATCH THE VIDEOS,COMMENT&amp;SUSCRIBE!!  &amp; FOLLOW me , Cheers x
@jdictionary nice!! 
@JDidda Im aware the lakers are in i've watched the entire finals thus far 
@JDJ22 sowwy...have a good day. I am so far  actually it's great! I need a name for my car. Please help...
@jdmabry it is, one complete three to go 
@jdmackiewicz You'll get it ...sometime next year 
@jdmcleodjr Using ice cream in coffee sounds more right than that powdered fake stuff they call &quot;creamer.&quot; Scoop me up some! 
@JDMetz45 Yay you miss NZ  O had to find out on twitter didnt I...
@jdnunn3 glad its worked out! 
@JDNX yeah 
@jdog90 that is very exciting!! congratulations! 
@JDollin Oh trust me, she'll be moving into my Cube if I win !  I'm certain she'll love the ripples all around her~
@jdooty yes i am! 
@jdorechanel kendra aint down down down down down. 
@jdoss hot and im going to make a site  thanks again man
@jdotpr @MALACHIRIVERS @Blackarazzi @makeupartistjoy @angelonfire @deevazquez @ariesubg @leesaluv @TarinTDG @BigCed  Happy Saturday!
@jdotpr: saturday...I'm still in bed tho! Sometimes you gotta sleep in. 
@JdotRabbit so yea... im still up and its like 3am! Make sure you are Locked In tomorrow  Nite !
@jdowdell browserlab is 100% FTW! lovely tool! no more pinging mac friends to test sites for me 
@jdpeterson I say the same about poems. When you are ready to write, &quot;nothing else matters&quot; as a well known song tells us 
@jdrummond @jkello is always an easy target 
@JDSProductions nice to network with ca is a lonngggg way from Leeds uk 
@jduageh  Thank you for highlighting and recommending our website recently!  
@jdub79 thanks  there was a time where I was really diligent about learning and personal growth. Thats where I get many of those quotes 
@jdubbb77 haha it was hard i tried like a billion times before it worked! 
@jdubkong aloha! i've always enjoyed your blog. you'll be a fabulous mom.  hope u get a lil sleep. take care.
@jduf87 Think about your happiness!!!  And not of him right now.  U R Loved.  K pick u up @ 1640hr.  STAT! 
@jduff84 try allears.net or mousesavers.com ; those are both very reputable &amp; Disney discount travel sites  my mom is a wdw travel planner
@jduffjr I'm sitting at work watching the rain, am jealous of your pool trip sir 
@jdunmall we just had Bing cupcakes in the office 
@jdwhyte Thank you got a ways to go lost some weight? I'm okay Thank you. I'll be praying for your Mother and You 
@JDWRIGHT25 Almost correct. Either BlackBerry or my trips to other countries 
@JDWRIGHT25 Thanks twister twin! Had a really fun day and now night too  Back at ya on the deserving part! My tattoo is itchy too! Shazam
@jdyates on my way 
@jdyates q-bar... is that in SFO? Well I might take me a bit of time to get there... I'm still in Dallas. 
@jdyates You call that an upgrade? Weak 
@jeaffry yeah it is..you wanna play, u gotta pay 
@Jealoushe You and me both, girlfren.    Sleeeeeeeeeeeeeep for me!!
@jealousydesign Yay! Thanks! 
@Jean_Pierce  OOC Thanks 
@Jean_Pierce Well the Enterprise E, the NX-01, or the NCC 1701(no bloody A,B,C,D, or E) 
@jean53in I guess its the simplicity of the application and age old ritual of getting to hear about others from a little bird 
@JeanAnnVK And a pretty picture it is 
@JeanAnnVK I really don't know why you can't see your own picture. I can see it. for me it appears with every single 1 of your tweets 
@JeanAymeri luckily you had your Â«kodakÂ» (or was it a cell phone...)  Thanks for the pics! We'll probably meet on june 23rd! bye bye
@jeanbugoverload Purple highlights with red hair wouldn't look that bad! haha. But maybe black-ish highlights! 
@jeanese08 U don't understand!!! I'm letting tweople kno dat SMILING THIS SUMMER IS IN LOL  LOL  LOL ;-)LOL  LOL  LOL ;-)
@jeanette_kc Haha! yes, but I never was risk averse!! lol And I love making nobheads angry 
@JeanetteD_MK Good morning. Good. Ready for a fun day.  How about you?
@jeanettejoy actually... no.   You are not alone.
@jeanettejoy but i can call the blessings miracles as others do and those happen all the time if u are paying attention to identify them! 
@jeanettejoy I am so enjoying the cool weather today in So Cal cause I know in two weeks it will be HOT til october.  #tcot
@jeanettejoy oh oh, a revelation?  Was it a good bonding one...or a shocking, gotta get counseling kind of a revelation? 
@jeanettejoy Ooh, really nice job on the green  Your avatar really stands out in my Tweetdeck client.
@JeanetteLim YOU KNOW ITS TRUE 
@JeanetteMcLeod  Personally think its a question of balance. Programmes like Little Einsteins, Superwhy, Balamory have educational value 
@JeanetteMcLeod My dog likes to wipe his face on the furniture. Don't have a cat 
@jeanettewang Nice! That would be a feat for me...The husband's out clocking some miles for Sundown too! 
@JeanGrae i am withhhhh it  this is my first trip to nyc since last summer that i can stay for longer than 2 days!
@JeanGrae why don't you just change your rap name to conscious 
@Jeangranger @ashleywhitt OK, so child labor! That's what my parents did w/ us, put us to work. good ideas... 
@JeanGWang if you ever want a running partner or a stretching partner or whatev'...give me a holler!  Working out with someone else helps
@JeanieBuss As a die-hard fan I love *all* the trophies the Lakers bring home 
@Jeaniene_Frost Productive day! 
@JeanineAssis sim sim 
@JeanLephare  jean it is all in good fun!! sidenote you and you girl should be fine just  have faith 
@jeanloang as in i love it. daming learnings. (naks!) mej philosophical.  pero i love coelho naman kasi talaga kaya biased ako heheeh!
@jeanlogan But is he a twitter expert? I think not! 
@JeannaMiller It's official. You can see it Monday 
@jeanneava I must admit that I was bored last night - so I was looking for 'tweeties' around my hometown. 
@jeanneava lol yeah the scene is awesome 
@JeanneBehr Thank you 
@JeanneBehr work later, early registering my h.s. jr. for some summer college courses! exciting, no?? 
@JeanneDamoff At least George didn't describe her eyes as Lollapalooza. I mean, the man still DOES have his dignity!  
@jeanneeee Did you call me Pretty Clematis? I think I like it. Good morning. 
@jeanneeee Hi Jeanne. Glad to hear he's coming. 
@jeannekong i want to watch that and also paris, je t'aime i personally prefer the cast of the paris one 
@JeanneMale Well, except for the dog park (and spring cleaning!), sounds like the same thing. I'll eat a chicken leg in your honor. 
@jeannemariepics Hi there! I'm good, hanging out with the baby  and yourself?
@JEANNENA yeah, The Beatles rock band is going to be sweet 
@JeanneRose The Derby is big news in Canuck-land today! 
@JeannetteC Right on! 
@jeannicole Just put some slices on the burns it manly exist out of water so yeah it really does help to lighten the discomfort  XX
@jeanniefeed Yep Yep!  U look rather DIME-ish!    Great look!
@jeannine_p looks like you are having waaaaaay too much fun!! lol Love the stencils you cut - especially the ray one! 
@jeanninestamand We sure hope so Jeannine they're getting ready to expand into new markets again. 
@JeanOnToast I can't help it shes jst soooooo fit. 
@JeanValjean: &quot;Then try this one, better song  @majdamagdalena&quot; ? http://blip.fm/~7bebr
@jearle welcome back 
@JeasySehgal Hi thanks for the invite to contributing on your website, however the link isnt working, I will for sure check your articles 
@jebbietantan organic chemistry can go fuck itself.yah i already read it.cant wait to read the funny stories 
@JebDickerson Hi, Doc Dickerson! Howdy? Opened a new Twitter account to tweet in my native jargon, too 
@jechang The Crumbs cupcakes were a wonderful idea, and I can't thank you enough for the gift 
@Jecsa, The battle has been won  Can I breathe out yet?!
@Jed123AndIn ...yay for my birthday night! drag scott/sam/max etc along too if they fancy it, should be pretty damn good 
@jedackerman anything for our B! Thanks for coming. I had fun too!  Remember... When in doubt... Patty yourself 
@jedbramwell whew! first time working with salmon. glad it came out okay.  I'm off to bed. have a great night, Jed!
@jeddikaaa http://twitpic.com/6rh63 - hehe you lool pretty in the car :] 
@jeddimkins bahahah id advertise it with fat people 
@Jedi_Amara cool! let me know when you manage to have a schedule! I'm sure you'll end up having lots of things to see 
@Jedi1123 Haha  Great idea  Now, where the hell is Edward?? :p
@jedi58 indeed it is closer than Leicester  My friend @BRoodman works close to the Convention center and has twitpic'd photos of setup.
@jedibassvampire ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh (6) can't wait for it ;D dude its only 15:19 
@JediChric I also want to see game innovation instead of a reason to buy a new piece of plastic for my living room. 
@jedij Drove down Friday night, and am staying with friends. 
@jedijen Thanks I did have a really great trip, ur such a sweetheart. Hope ur bowl &amp; u r feeling better 
@JediRyan7 well, I just completely closed down all tabs I was using with FF and then reopened it and it asked me to set it to default 
@jedisista Good morning Amy 
@jedisista That's so neat. It must be a heckuva beach if you guys are all so proud of it!...Huh? Oh. I get it now 
@JedisonPi hey there! hope all is going well and you're getting through all the stuff. 
@Jediyauk Heheh...  I actually quite like shopping. Although I'm about as far from being a 'metrosexual' as you could get. 
@Jediyauk I take it you do actually *own* some clothes, though, right? 
@jedmadela good night kuya Jed! God Bless. 
@jedmadela Good to know!  Stay safe and get well.
@jedmadela Im Craving For Chocolates. 
@jedmadela Okay lang naman... ganda...  ... Good luck to your mallshow there in Pampanga...^^ ... God Bless... )
@jedmadela so you think adam lambert's version is better? 
@jedmarc  It went well ty! Will be brought before the Board in 2 wks. The gal I presented to was impressed. Keeping fingers crossed.  
@jedmarc Kewl man... happy to provide feedback / input etc etc 
@jedyoong Hey thanks for plugging my pix! Whee 
@Jee4ce Can't wait to hear it!!  Will it be easy to get even though I live in the States?
@jeehaeda Keep at it and you will succeed 
@JeeJuno Hellz yeah, she's my cutie.  I'm making it official.  Thx, going to check out the beach for a few hours now! A perfect 24 hours.
@jeepcruising I'm the only one who (despite loving KY) really liked The Zone, aren't I?  
@Jeepers1993 You should be good now.  It was only a month in the making.    Hope it was worth it!  heheheh
@JeepersMedia  I am watching you right now mike. yay! 
@JeepersMedia Hugs for Mike! *hugs* I finally got a Twtter account today! 
@JeepersMedia Lol. I am your newest stalker!  I hope I don't bother you with my STALKING. I mean REALLY! Lol, I'm  turning into you. xD
@JeepersMedia My friend is going to be gone for 3 whole weeks in Connecticut! 
@JeepersMedia you were there?? why didnt you say hi maaaaan?! 
@jeepin_idaho I think I can buy them in town, just not sure where. Were you offering? 
@Jeessikaa LOVE YOU ROSE  hahahahaha &amp; no i didn't see it! :[ my t.v. is crashedd -.-
@jeethukarthik @leebrimelow's stuff is always better than anyones 
@jeetsin Where are you printing/binding your book? 
@jeetum , Yes I was reffering to the Maggie pics 
@Jeewhizz she's ok thanks  still coughing but getting some sleep now. Much better though
@Jeewilikers...you should call school and tell them you have swine flu so we can have the day off 
@jeewleea haha thats soo true 
@jeezitskristina studying suckssss miss youu wifeyyyy 
@jefe7504 http://bit.ly/MWX6x   you will love this video 
@Jeff_Aceves I was reminded myself recently. And am forever grateful. 
@Jeff_Durante - I'd love to have the opportunity, if anything arises! 
@Jeff_isChill I'm a bigger fan of the Gators.  You'll never everrr hear the end of that one.
@Jeff_isChill Oh whatever. 3 strikes or not, we'd still b friends. 
@Jeff_P I get it.  love it
@jeff_shively I do some translation job, but mainly I am pursuing a career in food, blogging and photography 
@jeff_shively I'd rather just admit my shortcoming as a buyer with no self control and go to town guiltlessly 
@Jeff0134 Good morning! 
@Jeff0134 im great! Im always great... cant complain 
@jeff25624 oOo, that sounds AMAZING!    I might have to try that SOON!
@JeffAllenComedy  too funny! That was exciting all right! could U spell laodicean?
@Jeffarchuleta I don't think a lot of girls are going to be happy with your tweet. Haha! But seriously, that's awesome. Props to him! 
@jeffarchuleta I mean when is David coming back? You should come too, with your family 
@jeffarchuleta rumors won't stop, but at any rate, he had his first kiss...with a friend...that's sweet 
@Jeffarchuleta That's awesome, good for him!! 
@jeffarchuleta thats great  how have you been mr. archuleta? 
@jeffarchuleta was definitely hacked. the end. 
@jeffbentley sadly not. arriving next wednesday, but hoping to meet with peeps to find out what I've missed 
@JeffBlinkinsop  danny has his brother over to play xbox. Boring for me!!! You should come play with them and bring my friend @bblink 
@jeffbryandavis http://twitpic.com/6b36g - Awesome, great pic Jeff 
@jeffbryandavis http://twitpic.com/6b36g - Haha! Brilliant piccie! Thanks for sharing! 
@jeffbushes Haha oh yeah!  I guess you're right 
@jeffcapel Congrats!!! I say the Magic is going to win. 
@jeffcason Must have been a good concert!! 
@jeffcleveland mhmm. My lady treats me well and we have a good time doing stuff. They're just bitter 
@jeffcrab Isn't that a song? 
@jeffcrabtree - so who is it we're supposed to be imagining Jeff? 
@jeffcrabtree follow me follow me  kavita
@jeffctaylor Tell me more! What are these Zombie Twittercasts of which you speak? 
@jeffcthomefan *feeds z-soup* Hooray for good things, though! I'm doing gewd. We're completely moved into the new house now. 
@Jeffdc5 I'm using a Case-Mate Fuel case at the moment, getting ready to review it for TiPb. You know I'll be dead honest about it. 
@jeffdeham will definitely have to give it a ear! 
@JeffDNewton See if the computer tech can figure out how to get on the Internet... Hehe 
@JeffElder SO SO glad you were in the class. Great contributions! 
@jefferner haha! really? good for ya! 
@jefferycjordan thanks  night
@JeffFunk whatcha doin' tonite?  U should come to karaoke at AJ'S on Getz!! 
@jeffgard1984 You can do it Jeff! Woo! 
@jeffgentry @fatherdaddy leave it 2 you guys 2 totally bust me on that  (had a little spacing issue- ha!)...least I know you still followâ˜®
@jeffgerstmann QOTW this week was VERY good and funny ! 
@jeffgerstmann You should spray yourself with the non smelling repellant that stinks to high heaven 
@JeffGignac Awww thanks! Appreciate the birthday wishes 
@jeffgirton noted. 
@jeffgirton Thanks Jeff! I've heard you've been keeping my friends entertained today... 
@jeffgrant To bad. Her the sun shine today 
@jeffhandley Thanks! We're both very happy, especially Lana. I think she appreciates my aggressive, this is just business attitude now 
@JEFFHARDYBRAND  You might want to tell matt to be careful around vickie he might get swine flu! hahahaha 
@JEFFHARDYBRAND hi jeff hows you these days hope your good 
@jeffhardybrand just don't use the paint, you look way better. 
@JEFFHARDYBRAND See you at the show tomorrow. 
@JEFFHARDYBRAND thats awesome that your so optimistic 
@JEFFHARDYBRAND Welcome to twitter 
@JEFFHARDYBRAND WELL HAVE FUN AT WORK TODAY 
@JeffHicks Especially today when I see the place I was on holiday two years ago 
@Jeffie And, of course, we remember The Four Aces.  â™« http://blip.fm/~7ebzb
@Jeffika np its following like all my followers  anytimeee :]
@JeffJimenezLulu just a stomach bug... spoke to him today and he's just about 100% again 
@jeffjose @kg86 ok.. So i tweeted about the rains and it is not raining anymore. Atleast i wont have to water the plants tomorrow. 
@jeffkang crown! Freezer! Go! 
@jeffke4ole I am feeling more positive now than I have felt in months, maybe more than a year. So yes, today finds me well. 
@JeffKnize hello new twitter friend! NOW GIVE ME. FREE TREDMILL SO I CAN GET FIT! 
@jeffkraemer You're welcome, Jeff. Envious that you have a cinematheque  Also try  http://bit.ly/RiQPa -- beyond belief.
@jefflandon agreed!  probably just as easy of a lesson.
@jefflombardo LOL  I gets DOOOOOOWN in the kitchen. I love to eat so I had to learn to cook 
@jefflyndon that will last until the next version of iTunes comes out 
@JeffMateja  I think Kris will pick up Danny's votes  I hope so.  I would buy a cd from Kris.
@jeffmccord ahh come on! The weather I great.... And it is my birthday month!! 
@jeffmello @ginidietrich  We could skype him in! Put a computer on the empty chair--buy him a beer 
@jeffmello um, hello...thats why the twitter proposal, remember?  hehehe 
@JeffMitchell  Perhaps we need em more often!  LOL
@JeffMitchell You know...I love all my friends and followers. You guys are awesome...wish I could work with all of you...==&gt;DITTO! 
@jeffparks naw...I'll keep you in. Turns out you have the odd nugget of wisdom. 
@jeffparks Not too bad. I have high hopes for the week ahead 
@jeffparks That would be most welcome 
@jeffpovey_poker Cheers. I may be able to afford WSOP buy in yet 
@jeffpower Technology is a miracle so long in the making, but now available to more exponentially everyday ~ Thank You for what you do 
@jeffpulver - hi to you, Jeff. The conference looks like it's picking up steam. 
@jeffpulver Back at ya, Israel 
@jeffpulver Good Morning Jeff  How was the Game yesterday?
@JeffPulver Hi Jeff, have a great day. 
@jeffpulver maybe the journalists and editors who'll be there will help spread the word 
@jeffpulver That's true and this is worst on Twitter because there's a lot of people around you. Increase the loud of silence. 
@jeffpulver Would love to hear more about #HDComms &amp; HD VOIP technology. Where can I read up abt it? Or can u teach me in less than 140? 
@JeffQuestad I would use it to sync  @TextExpander snippets, if I had more than one computer. But signed up anyway.  All the cool kids...
@jeffraff woohoo!  haha. omg. there were riots here in LA! =/
@jeffreecuntstar  A pacer is like a pencil but its not made out of wood, you press this button on top of it and it makes lead come out 
@jeffreecuntstar congratulations... you have the mentality of a 13-year-old 
@jeffreecuntstar decent Australian guys are hard to find...trust me, you're better off with an American one 
@jeffreecuntstar i just can't wait 
@jeffreecuntstar I think Nicki Minaj would be Fab rapping in the &quot;Prisoner&quot; Remix. Your songs together are amazing! 
@jeffreecuntstar im soooooo EXCITED! 
@jeffreecuntstar lovee 
@Jeffrey_Donovan have a great vacation 
@Jeffrey_Donovan Well, you can count on @TrishEgan &amp; I - we'll be watching 
@JeffreyGaGa is sitting across the room from @niclache and I think were on the same level 
@JeffreyHayzlett WOW! thanks very much 
@jeffreyjones Def horror &amp; science fiction!  #tcot #liberty
@jeffreyjones Glad you're on vacation, too! And I hope yours, unlike mine, extends past today.  
@JeffreyKafer  Hello! If you need any questions answered, I'll tell you all I know!  
@jeffreylhilton now that im liking 
@jeffreyrowe Wow! You speak Japanese like native speaker  How long have you learned Japanese?  I wish I can do it someday 
@jeffreysan  Thanks.. I love englands Rain so it doesn't bother me to much.
@JeffreySummers Interestingly, all his ex's live in Texas, except one that lives in Scottsdale  @JeffreySummers
@JeffreySummers- Judge Allows Naked-Photos Suit Against McDonald's http://tinyurl.com/d5tcex -your always on the pulse of F&amp;B news 
@JeffreyTsang welcome to twitter 
@jeffreywdjt oh, thanks    hahhahaa, you gave it away so easily.!
@jeffreywith2fs listened and enjoyed 
@jeffro88 Am using a D80 
@jeffro88 go find something useful to do 
@jeffrubenstein are you willing to share your Jaffa Cakes at E3? 
@jeffrubenstein u put my 320hhd to shame sir!  
@jeffschoonover There is nothing I would love more than to make an epic road trip out to peoria. Let me know when youre free, buddy. 
@jeffsgrippen i used to be!! i've done a few different jobs in yj. currently i'm a court officer 
@jeffstaple depending on roaches size, that might just be 'capture &amp; detainment' 
@jeffstaple pictures on that 
@jeffswarens Thank you so much  Have a good dinner and enjoy your night 
@JeffTracey  We do have a hose, but Daisy scarpers when she sees us using it, so it's a nice warm shower and doggie shampoo for her.  
@JeffTracey A pleasure 
@JeffTracey Had forgotten about that one 
@JeffTracey I have wacky on series link so it records for me automatically  I'm good, How you doing?
@JeffTracey It's actually Lea's kids that take over the galaxy 
@JeffTracey Yeah, I know...just hassling! My Year 3s should be awesome at packing away on the 2012 Band Tour 
@JeffVillanueva i miss the team! i got 4 radio gigs in nyc now jeff! i cant believe it!  ima come to miami right when i get back
@JeffWalker Let's see, we have 4 bathrooms in the house, so, 4 books going at all times. 
@jeffwamester hey, thanks! 
@jeffwamester you could say threshold, but it'd be a big stretch.    hope i helped.
@jeffwellman HI JEFF... am enjoying workshop immensely! You should follow me here instead:  ctabor and/or imwebgraphics   
@jeffwidman thanks brotha 
@Jeffx2 Hehe yeah with those crazy gullwing doors it's no wonder! 
@jefharris woah jeff! thanks for sharing. you rock! 
@jeflux totally.. i agree 
@jeh_see is this how i write stuff to you? haha i just got twitter and i see that you have it too  HEY!
@Jehan just came back from chilling with @WajihahBhatti and Yasuuu  it is 12:38 am  yeee. k peace
@jehan_ara Actually I do too  and prefer doing something else 
@jehan_ara Good to hear that  Allah aapko sehat de (Y)
@jehan_ara Not feeling well Ma'am, deadlines are the only reason I came 2 work 2day 
@jehan_ara Thank you Ma'am  ur lil lecture made @munirusman a live blogger. I wonder what can u do with world leaders with dat charm ;)
@jehankazi is reading magazines and wathcing tv with her mommy 
@jehankazi is venting to chintan because hes a good listener 
@jeherv 1.5 overs of 6's or 2.2 overs of 4's  - they are down to 3 overs now.  i used to love doing the math during the games 
@jeherve No conditions. Just free till June, no strings attached. Just send me your ad 
@jehnuhVEEV he looks like the corgi from cowboy bebop named EIN  coincidence?
@jeikner thank you friend 
@jejeooh hey, add me up! renzznerrenz@yc. thx! 
@JekNexus thanks, i think i'm ready 
@jelenasays yep  est website ever, i watched all of supernatural season 3 yesterday x] are you going to FOH on the 17th?
@jelfish67 nice! how does it look? I love the way mine looks 
@jelizabeths were driving around too 
@JelleDeVroe SWORE!: fuck the homework! i'm gonna sit outside &amp; relax! the sun is shining so bright! 
@JellicleKat hope you enjoyed it 
@JELLiMusic It's even better in person! 
@jelloboi aww that's cute 
@jelly__bean np 
@jellybeanhorror if this is love! amazing 
@jellybeanhorror lol we'll just take you with us! we'll work out how we're getting there and bring you with 
@jellybeans1 haha I wish it was! coffee is a necessity for my work day 
@jellybeans182 thanks.  O Dougie te ama :3
@jellybeansoup hehe all my moments are soundtracked too  as with michelle khoo - she tihnks her life is a musical. we love scrubs
@jellybear89 Tea. Always tea 
@jellystar nice! Glad u diggin' 
@jelmer89 lol... thanx anyway 
@jelrgreen well i'm on ur side 
@JELuttrull no  thats what some1 else said
@JELuttrull Thanks   Yeah, I was watching it a bit earlier, but my heart wasn't really in it.  Shocking, I know!
@jemabiss keep waiting sweetcheeks 
@jemacourtney but your not cause you have dance 24/7 
@Jemandi http://twitpic.com/69yot - Awesome! I hope you had a wonderful time 
@Jemandi Yeah. They're cute and made in the just-right size. I am not so much a baker; wish I was though 
@jemappellekim Goat is yum  However I like fois gras so I might not be the best person to ask.
@jemappellekim you know - it just might be 
@jemariie yea! We hav our own points of view. My happines is just nick nd sterling 
@jembie only if you don't send your weather in return 
@Jemfyr Hiya!!! So glad mah girls are here this evening! 
@Jemfyr Let the ugliness begin.    At least we have a couple of more hours of freedom.
@Jemfyr Sounds so fun..........  I want your weekend!...........  
@Jemillahayne Good Luck On Your Exams 
@jemillahayne i will if its necessary 
@Jemima Yeah it does, sozza bozza that would be why. This one should work  We need to get the others on here, I keep telling them to :L
@jemima_blue Hehe Thats one way to get him used to kids, let them feed him sausage rolls!  x
@jemima_blue Hey sweetie!  *hugs* I'll check my e-mails as soon as I get back home. Sleep well! Much love, xxx
@jemima_blue Hi Trace I hope you have a great day. Don't work to hard  *hugs*
@jemima_blue Nighty night to you both! Love, hugs, licks and dog snogs where appropriate.  Toodles! Sweet dreams. xx
@jemima_blue thanx sweet Trace! wishing you a great friday too  x
@jemimaa + @sophieniicole + sammiee are doing three way.  yay
@Jemimah  mostly.
@jemimah_knight I get really tired of people who label your not sharing their speciality as ignorance. You're not ignorant. Fear not 
@jemimakiss ah but it's also a joy, like no other 
@jemimakiss And do you already know the answer? (anyway: it's a girl 
@jemimakiss Just start telling everyone you're incredibley fat. Then they'll stop talking about it 
@jemimakiss Replying to you lots today  But yes, my kingdom for a bit.ly toolbar extension for Firefox that plugs into Twitterfox!
@jemimakiss Talking about charitable runs, what about giving a few bobs to Prostate Cancer for my London 10k Run?  http://bit.ly/fbS7C
@jeminabox you are not awkward with slurpees 
@jeminiatx Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeterfollow.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@jemistry @ Mel_Laura Lo, yes its Smitchie I've done 4 and a half pages 
@jemistry they're not my team but i like the lesser known teams beating the huge teams with loads of money 
@jemistry yeah but I go there on holiday every year and I love the island, so I got into the football  btw, drogba just scored for chelsea
@Jemmamama lol yeah im sure - well keep it up..just make sure it don't go too deep 
@jemmamb I love your background! Twiggy is so amazing 
@jemmen cat logfile | grep -v a -- that should reduce the size a bit. 
@jemmen i believe its Byron....saw him at kits last week.  
@jempabiona  i wanna watch the movie...lets watch it 
@jemrocks Aw, c'mon. What's an ocean? 
@jemrocks oh! and grazie for the #FollowFriday. 
@jemstarmusic we not lost... we right here ...  see lol
@jemstone Can blogs on the BBC website flag up incoming links a la Wordpress? Can I tickle them 
@Jen_Bennett I do like &quot;Secret Seagull&quot;.  But I can't say much more than &quot;Africa&quot; until officially allowed. #secretmission
@jen_bowers hoodlums!! 
@jen_chen yes!!! and then call me once you're done being frustrated with trying to take it off! 
@jen_hintz Ha, it says crappers?  That's hilarious!  Ooh, go here and type butterfly into search http://www.iwin.com/ 
@jen_k that's what the @ tab is for 
@jen_k_  still trying to figure Twitter out! - this is the 3rd account i've started - obviously challenged 
@jen_kat yay  not sure when we'll be going for sure yet, but you can meet us at church if you want (depends on when we finish cleaning)
@Jen_Kopajtic @donniewahlberg Thats right East Coast Girls 
@jen_n_em No, I meant 'they who?' for this tweet: &quot;Did they consider the murder of the abortion doctor terrorism?&quot; 
@Jen_Niffer aww, you'll get there! I'm good  Preparing 4 twin A's IEP meeting 2day. We've already had twin B's IEP meeting. Otherwise, nm!
@Jen_Savasta haha, but being forced to be creatively concise can be good  sometimes 
@Jen_Willcut lol, did u see , and don't ask me how, but @sf311 tweeted me, not once, but twice 
@jen004   anytime Jen...  For you, no problem
@jen004 I am now for sure 
@jen004 I pimped my twitter profile page. Check it! 
@jen004 Of course not m'dear.. you shine , brighter than bright! 
@jen004 so your a blips dj huh. cool. I guess i will leave up the music while I get ready for work. 
@jen004 yes I did.... it was really good.. your amazingly relaxed  on camera .....and thx for the mention 
@jen004 YIKES! One of &quot;THOSE&quot; nights huh? Well sleep well when you crash. You aren't driving anywhere today I hope! 
@jenaar I'm going to see Pink in concert 
@JenaDelk Good luck! If I can get out of this comfy bed I might play V Deep Stack too 
@JENakaGorgeousB happy mother's day to your mom 
@Jenalam steve from the simon is goin to that concert too! Have fun! 
@jenalysa 10 things I hate about you 
@jenandhearts lmao, yeeep, I'm preparing to fail :'] how many do you have left ? 
@jenavillena haha. Uhhhh. I guessssss. Loser.  you have like 4 more days of schoooool!
@jenball Ha ha--this time, it wasn't work ;) I just overextended, um, my palate the day/night before, and underextended my housecleaning 
@jenbee Ah, missed that the gallery's open tomorrow, great news: we'll be in after lunch. 
@jenbishopsydney  hehe we just asked each other the same thing 
@jenbishopsydney No worries  I'll keep my eye out then
@jenbishopsydney Stick to your guns! Too much work on numbers drains the creative juices 
@jenblower fresh herbs are always nice 
@JenCarpeDiem Yeah! Hahaha I am pretty sure that was his name. 
@JenCasora shoot I'll take one 
@Jencheer16 I applied!!! Cross your fingers for me!!! I hope I get picked 
@JenCooke Does Amy have her own tweet, blog, etc?  Thanks!  
@JenCool20 Thank u sweetheart 
@jencorbett I got the DM via SMS. Will check it out in a bit 
@jencorbett I just sent my husband out to get Burger Fuel for me 
@jencorbett I've started following her so I can read it 
@jencorbett sorry, just practising being an ass for my career in advertising 
@jencorbett well in that case.....I  just kind of want a really big penis. no....that REALLY doesn't sound right 
@jencreason it's all good.. i know my man is hot 
@jencrutch She already knew how to knit so it was just sharing patterns. It feels very backwards to me now that I knit to do crochet! 
@jendavis safe flights you! remember to change your watch when you get there! 
@jendavis Thanks for the Ravelry site headsup. I'll check into it! 
@Jendes Thanks - I don't have many - but they are good 'uns, I think.  #happybirthdaymoz
@jendhi speaking of house sitting, wanna come over june 21-27? if that's something you might be into 
@JenDisaster Sure Sure!!!!!!  T hehehehehe  Did u see want I did there... I talked like JACOB...  
@JendisJournal thanks.  isn't it funny how we get nervous for our kids? 
@Jene_Young  Hey, good to hear from u.  though u may have been lost in the desert! 
@Jeneega hahahah yea  so do we have school or no? -_-
@Jenehhh Feeling inspired this evening, huh? 
@Jenehhh Will do! Thanks! 
@jenelled_ti haha YOURE so cute j 
@jenellef a 2000 VW beetle  lol  what do u think?
@JenerationPR i did!!!! i got my name reversed. 
@jenessa17s HAPPY BRITHDAY!!!  Have fun!  
@jenessa86 -i'm the king of the world on a boat like leo, but if youre on the shore than youre shore not me oh. 
@jeneureka Weekends do go fast don't they?  Arrgghh!!  
@jeneverafter Sorry to hear about your dad. Hope things get better. You'll get your &quot;groove&quot; back soon 
@Jenface man that sucks! I'm worried for my dad! You can meet him if you give me 5 bucks. It's sooo worth it. 
@JenFloyd08 So glad you liked the Fresh Rose water drinking chocolate and the boutique.   Sorry I had to go so soon, delivering a wedding.
@jenfrahm could have just as easily been a sydney driver 
@JenGamelli hmm... I see what you're saying but in Breaking Dawn you find that they do it quite often, I guess they figured it out 
@jengroover what an innovative way to run a giveaway!  Love that you are up on all the latest, coolest marketing mediums! 
@jenhalloran just for today. I've blown up plenty of beer and soda in my day. 
@jenhasit  Inkfrog is a little diff from auctiva but once you get the hang of it you'll LOVE it! 
@jenhs glad that your runs are going well.   I love the moeben sleeves they are da bomb in my book.
@jenhs you're prbably already running. Shoot 4 the fat w/tempo work and the treat after. 
@JenHug Thanks! You can take one or two for me if you miss them... 
@jenica1201 Anyway, How are you? 
@jenifaojennyjen No worries.  I just didn't want anyone to think I was stealing!  I'm Half-Catholic/Half-Jewish...lots of guilt.  
@jenifel Aww thanks! I am indeed graduating on Friday. Just 4 finals stand between me and freedom...or Teach for America and law school 
@jenifel Yep Tonks is one of the kittens  The others are Sirius &amp; Remus, &amp; the mother is Crookshanks. 3 guesses where I got the names lol!
@JeniferChampion ah good  when are you free?
@JeniferChampion Yo jenny I will be seeing you in an hour! Hope your ready for @britneyspears concert 
@jenify7 TK Ä‘á»?c háº¿t báº£n dá»‹ch Twilight 1-4 rá»“i  Há»?i chi váº­y?
@jeninacastillo Again?? 
@jenione sadly, I want to buy it myself.  Maybe next week 
@JeniPoynter_x http://twitpic.com/6f4u9 - I Looooook FATTT mahnnn haha and my legs are pale but there not now haha  Got a tan !!
@JeniPoynter_x i put you in my follow friday 
@jeniscissorhand Why did you leave the weekend I came up!? We need to hang ASAP! Send me your BBM pin 
@jenius go the cookie option!  also, fyi - hugh jackman is on twitter: @RealHughJackman
@Jenivere awesome! I'm off to a WTFBBQ this afternoon too, weather looks great for it - good times 
@JenJeaHaly @hlfx @champion531 @KyleSawhney @CPaladino HUGE thank you for your considerate birthday wish. You're too kind 
@JenJeaHaly @PixelatedGamer @Michipoo18 And our survey says..... Ding 
@JenJeaHaly Btw - which console did you buy it for? 
@JenJeaHaly yea i get like that sice i hit 50k, im more of a game whore i just have to play everyone lol dont mind achieves tho 
@JenJelly85 It's hot here too, but I like hot weather. I can't stand the cold. A beach would be nice though. 
@jenjen1303 still watching spongebob 
@JeNjEn2007 i meant to send that to laura not you 
@jenjenjenn by the end of that day i will have seen ATL four times hahaha. lolmylife. you get to meet my little brother 
@jenjenlawrence HAHA I know!  I saw the big chunk of turqoise last weekend and said that would be a great necklace for you 
@jenjenniejen thanks alot  good luck to you too- stay in touch!x
@jenkellytisdale hey  Oh my god i can't belive i'm talking to ashley tisdale's sister  please can you give me a shoutout  thanks Harriet
@jenkmo http://twitpic.com/6p74c - I LOVE her little hair band with the bow on it  x
@jenkpep That sounds DE-LISH. 
@JenKSwan Oh look! You're a person! 
@JenKuhnPR You know it Jen! 
@jenkWjDMZ @ means u refer to the massage of some1 else dm means direct massege without all community watches 
@Jenlagos Hehe I am using Twitter! I enjoyed blogging yesterday so thought I'd try Twitter again. It's that or assignments 
@JenLant You want to say something controversial - that will get you noticed 
@JenLedbury Duh!!! Comedy Friday? You know you want to.  &lt;3
@jenleighbarry I sure did, thanks Jen!! I've watched it MULTIPLE times! 
@jenlikestofly is always nice when that happens huh? No regrets  good luck, love u. and yeah omg Meyers &lt;3
@jenlogo Thanks for that! 
@jenlshaffer u r slacking! but i lovey dovey youuu 
@jenlucy Hmmm... The internet? Most of the problem 
@jenluit thanks so much  let me know what you think
@jenluit thanks! i really appreciate the feedback. i'll be submitting at least 2 a week so keep checking back for more if you like. 
@jenmarielle why thank you  and I love you too
